You wicked boy.
Louder!
Explain yourself.
Tell him it's none of his business.
We're fools to tolerate it.
You know the rules about smoking.
What do you want?
Why should I turn this bank over to anybody else?
Why, what is the matter with you?
You better start reforming, Cyril.
If I thought you were the slightest bit interested, I would.
Well, we won't stand for it.
You're forcing us to take action against you.
But I won't stand it any longer.
Go on, go to work.
I don't care if it's important or not.
If you hadn't promised so faithfully, I wouldn't have planned the whole thing.
I wouldn't laugh if I were you.
Don't you forget that I'm still the headman around here, too.
What's keeping you?
Where do you think I've been?
Say, don't annoy me.
I got troubles of my own.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not interested in what you think.
You've no right to do it to him.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
You mind your own business.
Then you did it alone!
What more do you want?
You'd better tell your friends, too.
Tell the boys anyone caught arguing with a depositor will be fired.
Come on, what are you fellows gaping at?
We don't want speeches.
Don't you think I know it?
Stand back, Inspector, or I'll shoot you.
This is only going to make it worse for you.
Get out!
If he pulls a gag about the run, we'll murder the guy.
I don't want to hear it.
If you don't get married, I'll fire the both of you.
I told you not to come into the lobby.
Hey, wait a minute!
I hate them.
I don't like your tone.
I did not ask your advice.
I think you'd better go away.
Did you write me that letter or not?
Get out!
You can't do that to him.
Be quiet.
Take him away, and the others, too!
For if I'm not physician, how is it I know that you're a dying man?
We kill the rebels, we kill the rebellion.
We, the hunted, will now hunt!
Silence, Willoughby!
I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
You'll not take her while I live!
Then I'll take her when you're dead!
I might have expected your thanks for what I've done this day... but very well, let it be so.
The girl is my concern, not yours.
Take your hands off!
I'm not concerned to hear your reasons, man.
That'll teach you to go around saying things about people.
If you continue to annoy me about this girl... who is no responsibility of mine, I'll have you arrested.
Quiet!
What's the matter with you?
Who took the Scotch from my closet?
I don't understand it and I don't like it.
You've caused enough trouble.
I can't stand it here any longer.
This is plain stubbornness and you know it.
I don't need entertaining.
I don't want any luck.
Even if I told you what was the matter with you, you wouldn't admit it.
One thing I don't want is to start this endless discussion all over again.
I'm gonna speak to your ma!
He took her out buggy-riding in the late afternoon without a chaperon... and then he refused to marry her!
Aren't things bad enough without you talking about dying?
You ain't very friendly, are you?
Stop!
I don't see how you have the gall to face me!
What is it you want?
Don't you doubt Miss Melly's word!
Say it, then, and get out!
Turn me loose and get out.
If I wanted to come in, no lock could keep me out.
Oh, now, Mammy, be reasonable.
No time to argue.
You're going into the arena alone.
You'll never take my child out of this house.
She's my child too.
If you were a man, I'd break your neck for that.
I'll stay here and shoot him if he comes back.
And just what do you want me to do?
This is no time for jokes.
He'll take orders all right.
I won't have this conversation carried on by the children.
You made the appointment without me.
I'll brain that guy.
Come back, here!
Let me at him, five minutes.
I'll make it right with you.
Go back to your work.
We're the only ones who can afford to be honest.
You ought to be shown up.
Dear Senator, have you got any idea what it takes to get a bill passed?
I don't want to complain, but there's an institution called dinner.
You can't take a bill nobody's heard of and discuss it among 96 men.
Everybody calls you plain Saunders, why can't I?
Might hit him on the head with one.
What's it to you?
Cut it out.
I won't take it!
Nobody's gonna make me do that!
I'm clearing out of that office everything I own.
A lady wouldn't work for this outfit.
Go home!
There are a hundred other places that really need the water!
What's he got to do with this thing?
I object to you coming here.
Either he falls in line or I'll break him so open they won't find the pieces.
What's your interest in this?
I called him a liar.
For heaven's sake, stay there!
But you still haven't answered me.
I never signed any contract!
Did you bring that guy in here?
I've got a piece to speak and blow hot or cold, I'm gonna speak it!
I was in that room!
I will follow the Senator's example and refuse to remain in this chamber as long as that man holds the floor!
Stall their deliveries, push them off the streets!
Bury them for 24 hours, give me time!
I don't care what it costs!
This can't go on, it's ridiculous.
I wouldn't give two cents for all your fancy rules if behind them they didn't have plain, ordinary everyday kindness.
It's the blood, bone and sinew of this democracy that great men handed down to the human race!
I hate to stand here and try your patience, but either I'm dead right or I'm crazy!
I want the whole morning edition a blast to push him off the floor.
It's a crime against the people who sent me here!
We are on an official mission... and we have no right to change the orders of our superiors.
However many questions you ask, you never expect an answer.
No, we can't be disturbed.
You can't come in.
You have no right.
I did not permit you to come in here.
Will you get out of here!
We haven't anything to discuss with you.
All I want to do is make things as difficult as possible.
That telegram from Moscow, why should you bother about it?
We don't like Razinin.
We don't like him.
That's enough.
I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative.
We can't feed the Russian people on your intentions.
It is out of the question.
You can't go around hurting people like that, Comrade Yakushova.
You do me an injustice.
I won't let it happen.
I'll tear it out of the calendar.
You took away my czar, my country, my people.
He says that France will uphold it in every court... but I will drag you through every court, don't forget that.
That's the trouble with you.
You can tell the Kremlin that's just the beginning!
I should hate to interrupt my present work.
Don't waste my time, comrade.
You've done it again, and I'm responsible.
Is it possible to bring you back to reality for one moment?
Who gave you this idea?
You must not do this thing to him.
Stop it!
Don't "Your Majesty" me!
Move, I tell you.
Break every mirror in the palace.
I never want to see one in Whitehall again!
I command it!
I'll put an end to it.
And whoever holds Ireland points a dagger at the heart of England.
There can be no quarreling here.
I'll make friends and enemies to please myself.
Don't joke.
I'll not go!
That's not for you to say.
I'll have something to say about that.
We're not on the same side.
I'll give her your message with my whole army.
Let's finish with pretending.
I shall live and he shall die.
I told you not to count it.
It's still my hat, you know.
First we steal his gun, then we shoot.
We are not gonna pay you nothing.
Wait a minute!
We'll show them you're not afraid.
My grandfather wouldn't have anything to do with him.
Now, if you'll pardon me, I'm busy.
Pull yourself up.
You say you're sorry and we'll let you go.
I don't like your faces.
Drop that cannon.
Drop gun.
Get off of that train.
You break the brake.
Get away from that wood!
Drop that wood!
Keep to your seat.
What are you staring at?
Come here!
Well, tell Mrs. Danvers to get to the bottom of it somehow.
Now what put that into your mind?
I decided to come down here and have it out with both of them.
When the boat seemed a safe distance from the shore, I took a spike, and drove it again and again through the planking of the hull.
You may believe what you like.
That's what's the matter with you.
And what makes you think that note would interest me?
Well, people are entitled to leave cars outside if they want to.
I have no intention of drowning with you.
Who dares to....
No more of such talk, do you hear?
Don't a man have a right to know what he's signing on for?
We'll have him watched from now until the day he sails.
Do you question my word?
I will not be held accountable to Phillip for my actions... or for those of my people.
Out of my court before I order your arrest!
By what right do you question me?
I'm quitting the game, Charlie.
What kind of a deal is this?
So, don't try any funny business.
Why don't you keep out of this?
Now, you stay put and listen to me.
You can't see him because you're not dead yet.
I can't believe anything you tell me now.
Don't fight, Joe.
Fine mess you got me into.
Get out of here before I throw you out.
What are you calling me Joe for?
I do declare, it looks like my head's gonna split open with all this singing and yelling and hallelujah-ing.
I'm getting darned sick of the way she's acting.
There's a lot of things she could ask me but she won't say one darn word.
I don't gotta pay you for that.
Hit him in the head.
Well, I ain't scared.
You just wait.
You mean I can't have me no credit to grow me no crop this year?
Well, I can't understand that.
Bessie, is you going out of your mind?
Shut up!
Shut your mouth, Brother Jeeter.
Ain't nobody in the world gonna drive this except me.
You shut up, Dude, and listen to me.
Hush that yowling.
They made me mad.
I sure hate to lose her for some reason or other.
This ain't no poor farm.
Well, really, you must do something about that memory of yours.
Don't want any more of that.
You can't hold me without a warrant.
Get out of here!
I'd Iike to have seen his face when he found his account frozen.
It's Oextry I want to see squirm.
Shut that door!
That's enough of that.
I'm against whatever you're planning.
Scatter and keep your mouths closed.
If you think I'm the kind to mess with anybody comes along ...
Why you raising' up a lady's hopes like that?
But I don't give up so easily.
What do you want here?
What is it to you if I leave?
How dare you, sir!
I shall prove the contrary by retiring to my customary retreat, unassisted.
If you want to catch that boat you better stop talking.
Who cares, we're getting outta here.
You're staying here till the real law comes.
Let that be a lesson to ya.
I'm sorry, gentlemen, but the order is final.
You're going to be one unless you do exactly as I say.
Did I spend 9 years with matadors not to learn about fear and safety?
I'll still be alive, when you're all dead!
Kill him!
How many times must I to tell you?
I'm not afraid of your threats.
The devil with him!
What are you looking at me like that for?
I'm a nice guy up to a certain point, but don't get me sore.
Stop, you!
Bert must be crazy.
I don't like this house.
Keep your own tips.
It don't do nothing for me.
Oh, you're just exactly the same.
Or did you think to find me grown gray completely?
Shut up and put your hat on!
No man is gonna make a liar out of me, sir.
We don't want advantages, and we don't want prejudices.
You want to give her another shot at him?
And then I shot him.
Don't exaggerate.
For the tenth time then, will you stay out of this Attinger thing?
May it please the court, I submit that my entire line of defense... is based on the proposition that persons of the female sex... should be dealt with before the law as equals of persons of the male sex.
That woman as the equal of man is entitled to equality before the law.
Every living being is capable of attack... if sufficiently provoked.
I don't want my picture taken.
What's biting you, Adam?
I can have you arrested!
I know something about the law... and there's gonna be a law against you!
How stupid of me!
You'll never get me to give this up!
What are you all gaping at?
I told you to keep away from that radio.
Get those bags in, and get in fast!
You think I'm dumb enough to give myself up to the T-men?
I pulled that Springfield heist, not Scratch Morton.
Maybe a kick in his skull would do him some good.
You think you're the only guy in this paw that wants out?
Let me decide what to do with it.
Nobody leaves unless I say so.
I don't like being pushed around.
Nobody has any reasons I don't know about.
Get back on the job.
I have rights.
Do exactly what I tell you and there won't be any problems.
Unless you're afraid of getting burnt.
Get rid of her.
How do you expect to enjoy your honeymoon if you can't relax?
I shot him.
You're driving me crazy.
I hate this river.
Pull yourself together and I'll let you go.
No one picked on you, Stephen.
I'm doing very well on my own.
Don't talk like that.
How many times have I told you to keep away from my desk?
That is a menace.
You have to have enough imagination to visualize the crime.
It's wonderful to feel her throat crush under your arm.
You go when I tell you to go.
You're not making my job any easier.
It upsets me that you suspect him, even for a second.
Nobody can call me the things he did.
Well, why didn't I know about that?
You can't hurt him like this.
Are you going to come or do I have to drag you?
I refuse to answer, sir.
I am not unauthorised.
Reluctantly, I may add.
You've overlooked several other important details.
I refuse to sign it.
They been bothering me.
It would be a start if you'd let Jeff go.
Kathleen, that was meant for us.
You youngsters, be quiet.
That's too much gun for a man to have just for shooting rabbits.
And see that you get out of town.
No deal!
Aren't you ever satisfied?
That wheel is enough to drive anybody crazy.
Being right ain't gonna do us any good.
No use leaving all those repeating rifles lying out there to rust.
All right, now, send that woman and her young'uns out!
I didn't ride out here to pick blueberries.
Supposing I don't tell you?
I can smoke you out of there easy.
What are you thinking, Lieutenant, that I'm a coward?
Listen, my folks is important people in California.
I will, if you don't stop nagging me.
I ain't gonna be a nobody.
Do not say to me that I have anything to live for.
Let's change the subject.
Who cares where he's going anyway?
You heard what she said.
But get on with it!
Don't need anybody right now.
We have a shop rule here, no liquor on the premises.
Nobody goes no place here without I say so.
Who do you think you are butting in like this?
I'm blowing this place.
And don't waste none of his time, because he ain't staying around long.
He won't eat any steak.
Do you want to be a truck driver again?
Now get the smile off your face.
You're not telling me anything I don't know.
Don't look at me like that.
Cut out all that talking, Leo.
I didn't say come in.
There is to be no retreat, not so much as one millimeter.
I'll argue with him about it later.
It's not a matter I want to discuss, I tell you.
If we are to be defeated, then we prefer to be defeated... as human beings, not as barbarians.
I'm not trying to amuse you.
I'm merely reflecting on your extraordinary good fortune.
What do I care about your philosophy of the soldier?
I've told you that a dozen times.
Make peace, you idiot.
I was not jealous.
Honey, I'm trying to read.
I wish they'd both go out.
I ought to run him out of the house.
Things like that are none of our business.
Don't talk like that.
Then why put up such a front?
You're imagining things.
Turk, don't make fun of me.
Don't you dare.
Cut the conversation.
Give a girl a chance to breathe.
Well, I don't want it.
Honey, please don't stand like that.
I ain't gonna call her any more.
That will be enough, Hans.
Not another word from anyone.
Hans, why do you keep on making trouble for us?
Two years an apprentice, and still the nails go in crooked.
I've got my own life to worry about.
When Mr Burda's feet hurt, he drives the whole house crazy.
Stand here and argue.
I know her far better than you do.
Keep the line straight!
I just did that to torment you.
Move in time to the music once in a while!
Get out of town!
Back in the village when they made fun of you, I wanted to kill them.
Be a good fellow and get out now.
He never turned up at all.
Be quiet.
What must it be before you're satisfied with it?
You know, you can't actually think.
I told you it was hot.
I told you I didn't want any calls.
Anybody can type.
You know, you're expecting too much from that formula of B-4, Mr Oxly.
You've caused me enough trouble already.
Listen, Esther, or Rudolph, whichever one you are...
Figure out which one you are and call back.
Don't you dare turn that off!
Besides, according to your story, you weren't exactly 100% scientist after you took it.
Don't you raise your voice to me!
I'm not raising my voice!
Don't pretend you don't know the reason.
If you lay a hand on her...
You are just one too many!
Do not trifle with your luck.
He's taken it again!
We don't have to give you a cent.
Behave yourself.
I don't think we want to talk any more.
What'd you wanna write that for?
It isn't, and you're gonna erase it!
I'll tell my mother!
Oh, now, look what you've done!
Leave that paintbrush here!
You wait till you see what I do to him!
He's being evasive again.
Don't you call my husband names!
Get these men out of here.
He'll never see another if he doesn't learn about Rommel's artillery.
You just made it up.
Get me a prisoner, understand?
It's your decision, but if you make it you'll be no good to yourself or anybody else.
Seriously, must you keep your bicycle in the hall, Father Benoît?
Aren't you human?
Well, don't be so mysterious.
How much further into the rectory are you going to push it?
Well, that was a personal matter.
Are you listening?
My wife doesn't have to answer those questions.
That is hardly for you to decide.
You can hardly expect the jury to believe that a woman in love doesn't attempt to meet her lover.
This line of questioning doesn't seem particularly relevant.
My argument with Villette had nothing to do with any sudden realization.
Take off that collar!
Put the gun away.
No, you don't know what it is.
Let 'em have it!
We'll search out their weaknesses.
Pay attention to me.
Look, if I'd have been careful piloting that reconnaissance plane during the war, you wouldn't have had the chance to take the pictures that won you a medal, and a good job, and fame and money.
Neighbors like each other, speak to each other, care if anybody lives or dies.
Well, don't bring his troubles to me.
Get it and no one'll get hurt.
Leave me alone!
Just take your meat and get out.
Do what he says.
What do you care?
Well, what's there to talk about?
I don't want him hollering out any windows either.
You ain't calling the tune!
Next time, I'll wipe 'em on you.
Now get out there and cook!
About time!
Don't imagine things, Ellie.
I said no!
Get upstairs, miss.
Don't tell me to take it easy!
You must never do anything like that again, ever.
I'm not leaving this house today!
I want to kill you.
I said pay him!
I'm busy as the devil!
This is a private conversation.
Stay out of sight.
You're in no condition to discuss it.
You stay out of this!
I can take care of myself!
You ain't gonna take no car.
Leave me alone.
With her, it would be marriage or nothing, and that's out of the question.
You're always taking me out to the summerhouse!
Tell them to hurry it up.
Get out of my way, Frank.
You realize your contacting the saucer violated our instructions.
I can't get this blasted thing started.
When a threatening power lands in our capital we don't meet them with tea and cookies.
Paris has always been able to crack your neck.
I left orders not to be disturbed here.
Do as I tell you!
You are wrong, Menelaus.
I'll see no one but Achilles as leader.
You are too outspoken, brother.
I don't know why he gets so worked up over unimportant things.
Are we supposed to just sit here and wait?
There's no need for you to try and scare us, Mr. Buchanan.
You know, I'm not responsible for the complications of international law.
Then you'll have to have permission.
Mr. Starbuck, are you opposing me?
Then why don't you obey?
Stay where you are!
We'll arrest him.
We'll get him out of town.
If you don't mind, you owe me two more for tiring out my cattle.
You can give me two dollars extra for making me nervous.
Alex, will you let me finish?
You didn't say grace.
That's enough.
Don't think I'm too scared of Wade's gang to do what's necessary.
Shoot and you'll hang for murder.
Get out of the way!
And if they try to, they'll find you dead.
One more word and I'll cut you down!
You'd better listen to what he said.
One more shot and I'll cut you in two.
I'll kill him!
I was bored to death.
Don't talk like that.
You've got to be realistic.
I'll put you back on the team, but you must promise not to drown out the other children.
But if you do not work hard you will be punished.
You may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the Geneva Convention.
My officers will not do manual labour.
You will order your officers to work.
If by the third count you and your officers are not on the way to work I will give the order to fire.
I could have you shot.
Because of your colonel's stubbornness we are far behind schedule.
As he said, it's against the rules.
This is war!
I will not have an officer from my battalion working as a coolie.
It's a question of principle.
As medical officer, I protest to the way he's being treated.
I do not think you quite realise my position.
I warn you, colonel if I am to die, others will die before me.
Perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my personal command.
I hate the British!
As you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
Don't call me commander.
Out of the question.
You might as well dump it!
I didn't give orders for a halt.
Honestly, sometimes I don't understand you at all.
Kill him!
If the rights of the individual are not respected by the group, the group cannot exist.
I know you don't mean any harm, but you are in everyone's way.
You've gone out of your mind.
Bring her back, girls, alive!
Let me be the judge of that.
What's got into you?
Get out!
Well, run out and get him!
Don't tell me I did that!
I dunno what that cleaner's doing, but tell him to cut it out.
Eat your breakfast and forget it.
I've already seen a doctor.
You think that's gonna fix it, huh?
So make them pay.
Do you have to make such a racket?
Oh, shut up!
Either you take care of yourself or I, too, shall resign.
I've never liked him.
I protest against the way in which this question was put!
Don't come in!
I didn't ask you, Orr.
Don't start that again.
Turn left, you son of a bitch!
Smack him in the face!
I don't want your tomatoes!
The men aren't gonna be happy about what you've been doing.
Because she can't stand him!
No one wants to fly with you.
What the fuck...!
They won't care about one girl when thousands die every day.
You have been making things terribly difficult for Colonel Cathcart.
It's all your fault.
You don't know me.
I didn't ask you.
Forget it.
You touch White Buffalo again and I'll kill you.
You people can either help me, or stay the hell out of my way.
I'm gonna get anybody who had anything to do with it.
But you're affecting the lives of a lot of other people.
Maybe you should have let Mother make her own choice.
I should've killed him when I had the chance down in Guadalupe.
It's gonna cost him more than that.
He ain't gonna get my hide.
We'll blow it open.
You know what's gonna happen to you if you don't surrender!
Run away now or I'll kick you.
Listen to me!
You mustn't speak to Little Big Man like that.
Give me that!
Let go of my rifle.
Get out of the way!
You got me down in this goddamn water.
But they don't know that I intend to attack them without mercy.
You want me to think that you don't want me to go down there, but the subtle truth is you really don't want me to go down there.
Don't try to tell me my business.
At 10:00 tomorrow morning, I want you to bring into my office either a letter denying emphatically that your remarks had any mystic implications or a letter of resignation.
I am through being a go-between for you and your dream girl.
Get off my roof!
I'm not hearing this.
My seat belt's too tight.
You can't guarantee our luggage!
First you waste my time, then you get my name wrong!
Why didn't you tell me before my wife left?
You expect us to stand all the way?
By stepping on a bottle and breaking the heel of my shoe!
If I don't get a room, you and your hotel are fourth on my list to be sued!
My lawyer will get all this information, along with a doctor's report about my stomach and her ankle.
What did I tell you?
Stay there and don't move!
Move it, man, move it!
You shouldn't fool with that.
None of our business.
I hope you get in trouble some day!
A lot of people are going to pay for this night.
Can't you walk faster?
If you'd walked when I said, I wouldn't have been there.
OK, let your network know they can expect a letter from my lawyers.
st Louisiana Cavalry.
I want to see a warrant.
You damned near got us all killed.
I'm tired of being pawed.
I'll ask the questions, you just nod or shake your head.
I want them to pay for it.
Are we gonna rescue an old man or stand here and argue?
Speak up or I'll shoot.
Don't come no closer!
And I ain't gonna repeat what he said.
The answer is no, unless you want your boy killed.
Think I'm a fool?
Listen to me and keep still.
You are not going!
I'd give every horse I own to get a chance at that fella.
Tom, don't try it.
Stop arguing!
No, you mustn't!
I am speaking strictly, Hasslein.
You better be careful.
We'll catch 'em sooner or later.
If you won't give it to me, I'll shoot.
Keep your men here!
No, I don't want no drink.
Don't you say a word unless I ask you to.
Then if you ain't my pa, I want my $200!
I want my $200!
If you don't give me my $200, I'm going to tell a policeman how you got it and he'll make you give it to me, 'cause it's mine.
You're too young to smoke!
I don't care if we got it!
You always blame me!
I ain't a boy!
I don't want you smoking in the car tomorrow.
That's what you're always talking about, helping other people out!
Keep your voice down!
She's always in the bathroom!
Son of a bitch!
Damn!
I'll hit him!
You can't arrest me here.
All this talk's just wasting time.
Goddamn law is ruining the country.
Why don't you kill him.
I ain't making no money watching you boys sleep.
I got my shotgun full of 16 thin dimes.
Damn it.
Kiss my ass.
Anyways, I don't give a damn.
What the hell you doing?
You get your ass over there, Gate.
One of these days, when I get my boat built I'm gonna drift out of this damn territory.
I don't want you saying nothing about the Kid and nobody else in my damn county.
You're goddamn right you got the wrong room.
Who in the hell you looking for?
Make a move, jockey, and I'll splash you across the sheets.
That's how it looks in my report unless you've got something to change it.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
Don't even think about it.
Cross, man, it's gonna cost you.
I absolutely do not wanna hear about it.
Will you shut up?
For God's sakes, put yourself in my position.
And don't try anything funny, cos you know what you'll get.
How do you know I won't trick you and turn you in to the hands of the police?
I hate you.
Stop whining and eat your "shikseh".
You can't land here without written permission!
Miss, you can be quite sure that I shall report this to the proper authorities.
Get out of my way.
I hate you all.
I will not be one mind with you!
We're seven minutes behind schedule.
Wait till I ask Dad if this is any way to run an airline.
You haven't bothered to find out?
Why don't you just let us get on with our job?
Listen, you son of a bitch.
How may times do I have to tell you?
You're annoying me.
You're ruining it!
Keep your voice down.
Open the goddamn door, Alice!
Don't mess around with it, and it won't mess with you.
Mess around with it, and it's going to kill you.
We weren't even there very long, and I had to buy all those darn dresses.
So far, I hate it.
That's how much you bother me.
What the hell's going on out there?
In that case, why don't you go to that last table... sit down, shut up, and don't move?
How would you like the holy hell kicked out of you?
All I asked you is where the hell Vera is.
I'll stop the car and push you out, and you'll walk the last mile home.
What the hell do you want?
Could you guys shut up in there?
Tough shit!
Why don't you just get out of here.
You... shut up!
What the hell are you trying to do to me?
I don't feel like answering any more questions.
What they do with the tapes is their own business.
I live only for revenge.
That is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard in my life.
I can't tell you that!
Don't touch the money!
Fine, till you come along.
Well, I don't give a damn about the reason.
You can beat it out of me, but it won't do you any good.
I don't care what you found, boy!
And you're gonna have to blow me up too!
After that, I don't care if you've found the Holy Grail.
This is so goddamn boring!
If you want Mr. Gabler to leave this house alive you must convince him you're healthy and happy.
And don't bother sending a bill, either!
Get on out of here!
I said you're smart, but I'm not a fan, OK?
You could have alerted us!
I put my ass on the line for nothing!
I don't give a damn.
Over my dead body.
I'm not that high.
If you ask you're going to get an absolute no.
Take the son of a bitch!
I hate you, Braden!
Now try winning a game for a change!
Fuckin' machine took my quarter.
I don't wanna have a stinkin' fight again.
It's fucking embarrassing.
Put my fucking car back on the track, will ya?
Don't touch that television!
Don't bother your daddy now.
What the fuck you talkin' about?
Fuck him.
Drouin, open your fucking eyes!
Take that sentence back!
It was self-defence, for Christ's sake!
We're kickin' the shit outta everybody.
I got my eye on you.
You pull one thing, you're out.
We don't need you here!
Gimme that damn mike!
Nobody's gonna ruin the union!
We ain't never been friends.
We got nothing to talk about.
I'm not gonna sit here and be accused of things without any evidence!
Then I got pretty tired of you and your pianos.
Mike, give me a break, will you?
Martin, don't press it this time.
Are you telling me I don't know what a shark looks like?
Be quiet!
Get out of the way!
Of course I'm talking about Delta, you twerp!
Get back in ranks!
I asked you never to speak to me again.
Besides, I have to go to the goddamn senior honours dinner tonight.
Not another word!
You can't take the car!
Just kiss my ass from now on.
Now you've had it!
What do you mean, you're downstairs, you idiot?
And I don't share my husband with anyone!
How you going to stop me?
Then, unless you want to spend the next 20 years of your life in prison, you will do exactly what I tell you, when I tell you.
Don't push me too far, Donatella.
Don't walk away from me.
What's the matter with you, Liz?
Isn't it hideously plain to the naked eye I'm in love with you?
Fire the security department!
I want every one of them out of here.
I don't care about Prager!
For God's sake, listen to me!
Turn off that goddamned alarm!
He's waiting for you.
How about two foursomes of golf, huh?
You could make a handsome profit on your stock.
Well, we want our dough.
When he comes out, tell him I'll be back.
Helen, tell Matt I want to see him.
And after dinner we could go...
Mr Dickson wants to see you right away.
And you and I are going out together.
I'll step you around this town like you've never been stepped before.
We'll have dinner at the St Regis, go to a nice snappy show, then to a nightclub, sit and listen to the soft music, and who knows?
I might break down and dance with you.
I'll wait for you upstairs.
Are the payrolls ready for tomorrow?
Come on up for just a few minutes.
We'll have just one drink and then we'll go.
I'm going to call up Lou now.
Don't lose a moment.
I'm going right down.
We want it now.
How much longer is this Dickson going to hold out?
All we want to do is talk to you.
I want to ask you something.
Dickson, I'd like to talk with you about the bank.
I've got to get in there.
You've got to come out.
I'm going to put a lot of money in here.
We've been waiting...
Mrs Dickson and I are going on the honeymoon.
I'm going to tell him someday just exactly what I think of him.
What news have you from the factory, dear?
I can't wait.
I want a room, a big room.
I want to speak...
See you later.
But there's tomorrow.
I wonder if I could remind the Baron of his promise... that I might speak to him at any time?
I wonder if the Baron would take the trouble to come to my beautiful room?
I wonder if you'd like to see my bathroom?
Be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam.
Our train leaves early tomorrow morning.
But I'll speak with you later.
We're going home.
We were just going to dance.
You wanted to see me?
I'll see you later.
Are you coming to the theater?
Come and fetch me, chéri...
I've always wanted to go to Paris.
Will you be back for breakfast?
There's something I'd like to ask you.
We'll have a crew yet!
His Excellency's waiting for you!
And I'm willing to pay for what I want.
He'll come here first.
This will be our child.
Yes, I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody!
Susan, I hope this time you've come to stay.
Ned will tell you exactly when to put in an appearance.
Is there anything else you'd like to know about me?
Better make it tomorrow.
Darling, tell me, when are you to announce the exciting news about Julia?
Shortly after midnight as a surprise.
You'll have a lot more fun with Julia.
Let's go downstairs and celebrate.
Linda, now you must get married.
I'll do everything I can to make a success of it.
We'll keep her here, won't we?
I hope to see more of you, when you're free of the spell of Mr. Wilkes.
The war will be over in a few weeks, and I'll be coming back to you.
When the war's over, Ashley.
I'm going to join up with our brave lads in gray.
Aunt Pitty'd be agreeable, and I'd like a long visit.
You come in and sit a minute with me.
But I will come back.
Oh, Rhett, can I have a chocolate one stuffed with meringue?
Then I'll take her a petticoat.
Will you take me away from here?
We'll go tomorrow.
And when it comes time for her to marry... well, she'll be a little princess.
I expect the angels fights on your side, Miss Melly.
All you need now is a divorce, and your dreams of Ashley can come true.
I'm going to Charleston, back where I belong.
I want the Governor's residence, Jackson City.
Tell Jim Taylor I'm coming home.
If you and Joe'll gab on about this appointment, I'll see the committees.
We'll hurry.
He'll show up.
Boy, that'll be something.
You know what I'll do in the morning?
It will be a fine thing to do.
It'll put you right in the mood.
If we could get the poor kids off the streets for a few months every summer and let them learn something about nature and American ideals.
This is the calendar for the day.
See you in the White House, Joe.
When the Vice-president calls you, I'll meet you in the centre aisle.
You can talk all you want to now.
He'll be a good friend.
It'll be great experience for you.
I've been aching to mention it to you.
I'm anxious to get back to the office.
It's simple and I'm helping, so we knock it off in three or four days.
Couldn't we have something brought in on trays like big executives?
I said, shall we start...
Go right ahead.
Let's get down to particulars.
Let's get on with this.
Are you ready?
The show is about to commence.
I'm taking him out to see monuments.
I would like to come to your camp.
She may be the next first lady.
If you're going to wonder, let's go and do it over a steak.
Let's get married.
Okay, then let's get going.
Meet the man I'm going to marry.
We're gonna get married.
I'm taking the next plane home.
I'll call when I'm through with Smith.
Come on over to my place.
Let's go in.
We could be rich, if you say the word.
We won't have to worry about our future if you're willing to raffle off your past.
The Count says if it could be as soon as possible.
All right, I'll see him right away.
Yes, all right, I will call you later.
Gentlemen, how about a little lunch?
I just said, let's have some lunch.
Listen, a special envoy is coming from Moscow today.
Let's not waste any time.
It won't be long now, comrades.
How long must we wait here?
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
And now, I'll show you the greatest attraction of all.
You might be an interesting subject of study.
No, but the mere thought makes my mouth water.
Where shall we begin?
I will start with you.
Yes, I'd like to say it 1,000 times.
While you are studying it, I will eat.
Not until I've made you laugh at least once.
I'm going to tell you a funny story.
First, I would like to take off my hat.
Let's go to some other place.
It'll all be over by Thursday.
You never finished the one about the two Scotchmen with the names.
I want to talk to my brothers.
I want to overthrow the Grand Duchess.
Now, let's have some music.
I have lots of things to attend to today, Leon.
Darling, your present just arrived.
I want to see a friend of mine, a very dear friend.
The opera starts an hour later tonight on account of the parade.
I'll tell you later.
You know I told you that Pavlov and I are going to get married... when he comes back from the maneuvers.
I'll travel wherever there are Russian commissions.
Come live with me And be my love
Let me finish, sweet.
Your blood will be on fire to lead some new command, some far adventure.
We march tonight.
I'll speak with you first.
When he gets off the train, he'll pick up some gold and send it to me.
A dollar's a dollar, and every dollar is taking me further West.
I'll get a job until I get a grubstake, and then I'll try again somewhere.
And tell her her old granddad will be back soon.
We're gonna be rich!
I've got to get a contract signed.
I'm expecting a baby.
Now he'll be able to have everything he's always wanted and couldn't afford.
Another miracle will happen.
Gentlemen, how would you all like a mint julep?
If you insist, I'll have eight more.
Come on, let's sing.
Let's sing!
I feel another song coming on.
How about some more mint juice?
In a week, I can sell them anything.
We must be coming to the station.
We'll be out of this tunnel in a minute.
Here they come!
But do sit down and have some coffee.
Now that we've found each other again, I hope I shall see something of you.
I'll drive you somewhere in the car.
Let's go home.
You would like to see them, wouldn't you?
I'll design a costume all by myself and give you the surprise of your life.
All we want you to do is tell us what you saw.
With England conquered, nothing can stand in our way.
Northern Africa, Europe as far east as the Urals... then the New World, to the north, to the south... west to the Pacific, over the Pacific to China and the Indies... will our empire spread.
You'll soon be in England now.
Now to business.
We'll find out someday.
Now, we better start all over.
I mean, I want to be something besides just a plain fighter... even though Murdock is a champ and a swell guy.
I'd love to go with you, Mr. Murdock.
Brother Jeeter, will you join me in a song?
Let me taste it.
Come sit down here beside me, and I'll give you a horn of your own.
Come, let's go get that automobile.
One of these days, I'm gonna spend me the rest of my life in one of these hot...
Well, maybe things will be better over there.
Well, I hope you've managed to get the money, Mr. Lester.
Yeah, I can just tell the way it smells that this is gonna be a great year for cotton, yeah.
Got a chance of a job there?
We're trying to get to a place called Soda City, a couple of hundred miles north, I think.
You know, I think I'll go back East and work for a while.
Havana will be very gay this season.
I got to catch that boat.
I'm gettin' me a gun, some liquor and a gold commissioner.
Waiting for an answer.
Oh, it will be a beautiful attack.
I'm going for wine.
Then I'm going to write him a letter right now and cheer him up.
There'll be other dinners, Phil.
Have a cigar, Kirby, and I'll join you.
Why don't you go play the piano?
How I'd love to hit the jackpot.
I'll be back.
This job isn't going to be like any of the others, Hank.
We'll get a new one.
Tonight, I hand in my resignation.
I'll talk to you later.
Why don't you have another one?
We're going to celebrate.
I want some more beer.
Someone will pass by soon.
Maybe they can take us.
Tonight we'll meet our contacts.
I'll have a ginger ale with a twist of lemon.
But I won't know till tomorrow, along about noon.
Can we have coffee?
I'll go back to Chicago and be a Fuller Brush girl.
Are you going to be married?
I want some orange juice, eggs, bacon, toasted muffin and lots of coffee.
This is what I'd like to have someday.
Let me see the jewel.
Prepare to dismount!
But in no time at all, you'll be soldiers.
Once again, and faster.
You think you'd like to try that before you eat?
In six months, we'll have the finest drill team in the world.
You will dine with me?
How about a cup of coffee?
Soon as we get to Riker's, we'll sleep then.
You see, this'll be my very first own home.
And how about some pepper and salt and vinegar, eh?
You can be famous.
No, let's sing about us.
Would you like a little more tea?
Won't you tell us all about it?
When I get home, I shall write a book about this place.
If I hurry, perhaps I might even be home in time for tea.
Then when I'm good and ready, we come out with a big extra.
Let me have those things.
And wait till you see the pictures.
Wanna hear what I wrote about you?
We all wanna get out, and we're going to.
By Tuesday, everyone in the state will know you.
What's the latest?
We're really gonna have a great time.
One of these days, I'll get the facts and print them.
Maybe I'll run into you.
Maybe you'll buy me a couple of drinks.
Then I wanna make a speech from the top of the hill.
She'll look like a million.
I'm ready.
If we take them out now, they can fight again tomorrow.
Let's have coffee together.
We'll discuss it later, whenever you're ready.
We're due back in Berlin as early this evening as we can make it.
What about a little music?
You better have something for me.
Bruce is coming tomorrow night.
Company's coming.
No, but you know that bottle of whisky we had in the kitchen all this time?
Tomorrow, you'll be looking for a new cobbler or a new teacher.
Don't you want to hear the rest of it?
No, some day I'm really going to Copenhagen.
Imagine, Hans, you'll be the first.
I've decided to go to Copenhagen, just like I made it up in a story.
Well, what are we waiting for?
I will behave beautifully this afternoon, you will see.
Shall I tell you the rest of the story?
Although I'm a duckling today, tomorrow I'm a swan
I couldn't possibly sit still.
You and me getting ready to go to the opera house in Copenhagen.
Tell us about the king!
Oh, I wanted you to see this advertising layout.
That's one of the things I hope the formula will alleviate.
What might be the first reaction?
Oh, we can do lots of things by then.
Oh, I'll get the hang of it soon.
I'm gonna be good, you wait.
Listen to this.
Undoubtedly we can expect something soon.
We're standing on the brink of a new world, and...
I could do with a lot of that.
We'll have Tobruk in a few days.
Now, listen, stow the chatter, mate, and get on that banjo.
You reckon this'll make the colonel happy?
I'll see you tomorrow.
Our supply convoy, already at sea, will arrive here tomorrow night.
I think that both Rommel and I can promise you a very interesting week ahead.
Here, rally round and I'll show you the points of interest.
No, I've got to see you.
Willy will soon be here.
I've been waiting to speak to you, Father.
Any news yet?
I thought you might be interested.
I'm gonna get a closer look at it.
Let's find something to eat.
Future history, he said.
Here comes another truck!
One more week.
Let's open the wine now.
Well, I'm going to make this a week you'll never forget.
Coffee will be ready soon.
How about that drink?
You know, I think I'll start reviving that tomorrow.
Doyle, I've got something really big for you.
I hope it's gonna be a hit.
I'm gonna take you to all the capitals of all the countries in the world.
Come on out here with me and I'll show you.
Are you going to look for gold?
I can't wait.
What time is the next news?
As soon as I get it, we'll make tracks.
The dough will come in the morning.
Let's get started.
Will she be back soon?
We're pressing for the earliest possible action.
But I'm expecting a courier any minute.
If I find anything out before you get back, I'll telephone you here.
Ladies and gentlemen, the famous Jo Conway has gladly consented to sing a few songs for us tonight.
Sir, I want to see what whaling is like.
We'll meet at the rear of the hotel.
You want to look out at a peaceful scene?
Next time, make it good.
I was wondering if you'd care to join my wife and my sister and me in a game of bridge?
I'd love to.
Would you like to meet her?
Do tell me more about her.
Before we go, you must play the piano for us.
I'll come back to see you very soon, and I'll write often.
I can't wait to see that Nickie Ferrante.
Tomorrow we begin again.
By the way, here's something that'll interest you.
Dovitch, I can't wait to tell you about my feature for the next issue.
Can't we walk and get friendly, or better acquainted, or something?
If only you knew how anxious I am to talk to you.
The professor wants to talk to me.
See you tomorrow.
This test may tell us why.
Any day now the doctors say they may find the antitoxin.
How long before we'll know?
I would like you to meet a few of the exhibits here on the platform.
Sir Wilfrid, if you don't mind, I'd like to read you a poem to welcome you back.
Let's try it, shall we?
How much farther is it, Mr O'Malley?
With your permission, I'd like to show you something I've had printed.
We'll be home soon.
Did you bring some gold with you?
There sure is gonna be some interesting people at that party.
You got time for a drink?
We're opening a store and a bank, aren't we, John?
They'll be back in two or three days.
All right, let's go shopping.
Well, it ain't much now, Olga, but me and my partner, we got big plans.
I'd like to meet this man and smoke with him.
Who wants to be first?
And, Daisy, we have a breathtaking adventure in front of us.
Now, Warren, what time do we meet tonight, huh?
When will you come back to me?
You'll be impressed
Think they'll give me a job of responsibility?
If I get the job, I'll buy you one hundred of 'em.
Where's a good place?
Two minutes more and we'll know if your idea was any good.
I've waited a long time for this.
How long will they be?
Señor Marlowe, I want to show you our town.
Going to have dessert when we finish our hot dog?
The show goes on in five minutes!
I want to sit in front.
We could get a house and everything.
We'll have a whole factory.
I'll bet in no time, we could have a whole new car and everything.
Will you be blessing this house with your presence for dinner?
You boys hungry?
And we are going to get drunk, Cross.
He should come out of it any moment.
Someday the revolution will come and we can overthrow our leader.
Come on in here and you just sit right down here, you little cutie.
I've ached for this moment.
The directors can't wait for these reports.
I'll have my work all finished by the time you get there.
Hey, do we have a sexy crew tonight?
It's a small part, but the producer said the next picture I'll have a bigger part.
I'm going to see if I can talk to that young girl.
Here it comes.
How long before we land?
Honey, dinner will be ready in about 30 minutes.
Mom, are we in Arizona yet?
I'll get a job.
Did you bring me a present?
Yeah, I really want to know.
I'll earn enough money to get us to Monterey.
You ready for some eggs and grits?
If you come with me into the other room, I'll show you my idea... if you'll show me yours.
Let's stay just a little longer.
Hey, Paul, you going to the convention tomorrow?
God, it will be so good to be finished with all this.
Why don't we all go to town?
Mr Buchanan, I was wondering when you'd let me have your blue car.
How about the movies?
You have to come and see us as soon as we get back.
I've been thinkin' about gettin' on the highway patrol.
Get anything yet?
Boy, wait'll they see what we found.
General, our discoveries will change the outcome of the war.
The one we've been waiting for.
If that's true... this should be very exciting.
In the interest of the West's greatest horse, the bronco and myself, who grows them, I'm putting up an extra $1,000 to the bronco rider who wins!
Alex, I'd like to hear it speak.
I want to see it.
I want to feel my bones burst into a billion pieces!
I promised my body to a woman tonight.
And then you get free.
Think that lady in the red dress'll go home with me?
I'm expecting great things from you.
My ambition is to win all your contracts, own this club and run it my way.
I'd like to say hi to all the guys down at work.
Let's just win the game.
We go to Florida and I get the money.
We're looking forward to a real contest.
Tonight's the night.
We could have one fucking good hunting trip tonight.
First we'll get you legal and tuck you in bed with Angela.
We're going airborne!
See you Monday on the train.
Let's go have a drink!
Hey, Axel, how about some beer?
Who you gonna ask next?
We're going sailing.
You going out tonight, Otter?
This year, it's gonna be different.
The Delta Tau Chi house is having a party tonight, and you are cordially invited.
So if you're not busy, you want to go to a fraternity party?
Buy me a dinner tonight?
Busy tonight?
When do I get the money?
This should impress the bankers.
I want to go to Krakow.
And what's more, I'm going to marry you, Terenia!
I think you will find it interesting, Miss Roffe.
You want to give the bankers good news tomorrow.
How soon can we have this on the market?
You made money with him and you'll make it with me.
But I promise you that it will be the biggest innovation in the history of this business.
I also think we'll know very soon who it is.
Another day or two, we'll know for sure who it is.
I have a lot to tell you tomorrow.
Everybody ready?
I think you'll like it.
The van is waiting to take you to your "Live at Noon" spot.
I'm going to the zoo.
I'll be here for a couple of days and I'd love to see you.
Spring's gonna be early.
I'm looking for a girl.
Did you remember to get my dress?
They'll all be hitting on me.
So I figured while I'm here I'll lose a few pounds.
Because tonight we're gonna go out and kill a wild boar.
Sergeant, does this mean we're through for the day?
Okay, girls, go get them!
Ladies and gentlemen, the big event you've been waiting for.
Okay, who's up for the Vatican?
I'm gonna bust your butts... to make this the best damned outfit in the European command.
Stop talkin' and start drinkin'.
My friends and I would like to party with five of your girls in Porky's Pen.
How many girls can we have for 100 bucks?
I'll give you a night to remember.
I wonder if there are any kites around here we can fly.
I'm gonna get her.
Let's see what Rosario has for dinner.
I was just gonna come see you.
Mr. Kersey, you wanna join the party?
Can I cook dinner for you tomorrow night?
Let's go to a nice place.
Pick you up in an hour.
Think he'll give me a raise?
I'll get my dinner.
You gonna come in soon?
I'll call you later.
Are you ready for my surprise?
I'm taking over the LA office.
I think we'd better have a drink.
What we have in mind has never been tried before.
Doctor, will my brother be able to come home to the farm soon?
I'm very excited, Simon.
When we return, we're getting married.
But how about lunch Saturday?
I want to know absolutely everything that's happened up till now.
Would you like to hear something?
I'll get us some burritos and Cokes while you pull a few.
When you come back, you got good jobs.
Let's take a walk.
Dad, I wanna go swimming.
Let's have some fun.
I wanna go to Chicago.
The men are anxious to celebrate, Captain, and they're waiting on you.
I'd like you to ride with us.
I'd like to see the rest of the guns now.
I guarantee these women will bring a good price.
No, because in a few hours we'll be at the Rio Grande.
There's a village back there, and you know they got some girls there that would just--
Kate's going in there and lend a little comfort to the prisoners.
What do you say let's take a little ride?
Take me to them, please.
I'm gonna get the girls.
We'll be getting into Chihuahua tonight.
Yeah, well, I got something I want to ask you.
Just wait and see.
Carlo would love to say hello!
Dr. Chandra, I am waiting for your reply.
I'll get on it first thing.
He'll be at the beach tomorrow.
Come to the beach tomorrow.
When's the next ferry?
You'll hear some good music.
And I'll tell you all about that job.
I'll be in the bar.
Talk to you later.
Axel, you got a cigarette?
I'd like to order something from your late supper menu.
And send down something for dessert.
Could I get some extra mayo?
I want to find out about this place.
Come here for a second, please.
I'm going to smoke when I go outside.
Can I have a Scotch and soda?
The shipment arrives, we nail them.
Sergeant Taggart is here, he wants to talk to you.
Well, I will be very glad to hear it.
By the way, any messages for me?
I have been waiting, for more than an hour.
Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
If I get this shot, you'll like it a lot better, right?
You can show me your tan.
But it'll look great on you.
Ardsley will be your next stop!
Your car's ready, they called.
Can we have Burger King?
We could pick it up on the way home.
You can give him a hug when we get home.
So what else is new?
You wanna get something to eat?
Yeah, I'm just waiting for the taxi.
I'll call you as soon as I get there.
I wanna see you.
You want a beer?
I'm getting married.
So we're gonna stop off and see her on the way back.
So, you're getting married?
Listen, Molly, why don't you come down with us?
Gonna get another one?
Hey Victor, let's introduce everybody to Sparky tonight.
We'll take care of her later, eh?
I'll tell you something I read once, Myron.
Now's as good a time as any, Myron.
I've had 10 years to get ready for this.
I'm gonna do it now, Willie.
I'm gonna do it now.
How about update tomorrow?
I want to see Rio de Janeiro!
It would make me happy to be a grandmother, Vladimir.
I am looking for blue jeans.
I go back to Moscow today.
You get better sun on our roof.
I must wait for one year?
I would like to know you.
Would you like to dance?
In a few months, I will become a citizen.
I mean, I want to work in media.
You want some vodka?
Would you like to dance?
They'll love it.
You want fantasy, let's go to my place.
I think I'm going to go back in and see the movie.
I'll see you sex fiends later.
What do you think?
It's time to make a move.
I got a surprise for you tonight.
Why don't you sit in with us on it?
Do you want to smell?
I got some news.
Tonight, we go and make party.
Please call me when you get settled.
And I hope that someday you will join me here.
Oh, I'd love to live out in the country.
We were thinking of getting engaged anyway.
It'll be lovely.
They're to get here right away.
What about chatting these two birds up, then?
Make us a cup of tea, Sharon.
Would you like to go out to grab a burger and then go to the movies or something?
Can I have a beer in the same glass?
The purpose of the regatta, of course... is we're hoping to raise about $20,000 for my campaign.
Oh, honey, you're gonna love these-- coconut fudge delights.
I hope you'll enjoy this.
Well, we're off to do some shopping, honey.
Now, how about I fix your breakfast?
Why don't you kids come for a walk with us?
You ready for a rematch?
Want to see a strange object?
I made reservations at Tokyo Rose on Columbus.
Listen, I know it's last minute... but I wanna ask you, are you free tonight?
Well, why not liven them up... with the snack food that's sweeping America.
Gather around, me buckoes, and feast your eyes on this.
I'm having a ball.
Hey, would you get a load of this joint?
Y'all will be reading about this.
I want Dad's yacht fueled and ready for two weeks at Catalina by the time I get there.
Why don't you move in here permanently?
And I'll get even better after the wedding.
I'll be in touch.
Find out anything?
Tell Steven 9:00 is fine for dinner and see if you can get us into Jams.
And, Robin, I want you to get me the CEO of IBC ASAP.
I set up a lunch for you at The Pierre.
Do you wanna make love?
She's a very agreeable child, you'll see.
Tell me about you.
So why don't you tell me a little about yourself?
Do you have any idea when it'll be ready?
We'd like to see Country Baby on every supermarket shelf in America.
The Food Chain will purchase an apartment for you of your choice.
Well, how did it go?
You're gonna love them.
It means we can get back before Erica gets home.
We'd better go or we'll miss the movie.
All right, but let me know what you're doing.
Looks like you're going to have a party tonight.
You said you could supply weapons?
So, what do you think?
How was Colombia?
If you can get to his phones, we'll have our leads.
I want to see Nathan White.
A friend of yours wants to say hello.
Oh, Dan, darling, we were expecting you.
You know, we still got to decorate.
This would make a terrific playroom.
Let me just look at you.
Actually, we wanted to do some remodeling first.
I guess you're looking for a place right away, aren't you?
I've got Scotch, I've got vodka, there's a nice Chablis...
We got a new man coming in.
How am I gonna get to first base with this girl?
God, I've gotta be with her, at least till she learns my name.
And I'd like to get to know all of you by having you write down your name, address, your home and work phone on paper, and passing it forward.
Hey, what kind of news are you leaving me there?
You want to see a movie or something?
They're waiting for enlightenment.
We'd like to welcome you to Vietnam, the country that is more stimulating than a strong cup of cappuccino or an espresso enema.
You skin will look and feel a whole lot better.
I wonder what's on the television?
It doesn't matter how long it takes, we'll be back in business.
I need a drink.
Miss, has the Cowboy ever told you of his incredible tolerance for pain?
Can I have a bite?
There's somethin' I want to show you.
Oh, you're gonna like this one.
Now, you mind if I dance with your wife?
Let's belly up to the bar and get us some refreshment.
I'd like to introduce you to...
They'll be here tomorrow, honey.
Can he stay here for a couple of days?
Dolores, a bourbon, and make it a double.
I think you want a drink.
I want to see it now!
I think your lab boys will find that paint's a perfect match.
Bob's looking for a new assistant and wants to meet you for a drink.
Let's give her a shout, shall we?
Well, I'll fly down to Memphis in the morning and feel them out.
You sure she's gonna show?
How hard would it be to crash a wedding?
Can you get me in to see the Governor?
Charley, you'll come with me?
Gonna be held as sheriff, if they elect me.
We are presenting a performance.
I will wait for you!
I'm going with you.
I always feel rejuvenated by a touch of adventure.
This is a good omen, what?
Mom would love that.
Come on, one more time and you win the grand prize.
Come on, we don't wanna miss our bus.
We should get one of those, honey.
Why don't you come in and join...
Have them send me up some roast chicken and chocolate pudding.
Mr Parker, there's someone I'd like you to meet.
Nice guy, I hope.
They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you.
Let's go, gentlemen.
Now, who's next?
Yeah, I might be going to Yale.
Then you have to talk to him before tomorrow night.
I brought you these and a poem I wrote for you.
Will you be joining us, Mr. Overstreet?
We'll sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it's over.
You're going to Harvard and you're gonna be a doctor.
Peoples, my stomach's been grumbling, but help has arrived.
I want you to get me a quart of beer, Miller High Life.
I'm about to go get a slice right now.
I want some flowers.
If you don't mind, I'm gonna sit right here, catch myself a breeze or two, and then I'll be on my way.
I want coconut.
Maybe I ought to be a hero more often, huh?
I'll be back tonight.
Sal, start counting my money tonight 'cause I gots to get paid.
So, did you watch I Spy last night?
So, do you think you could get me a TV?
Hey, babe, you playin' cards?
Dianne, why don't you take your coat off and stay awhile?
Let's just see what's in there.
Yeah, I'd love a cold beer.
You like the color, Anna?
I have something I'd like to show you.
I was thinking of picking up a pizza and going home.
You're welcome to join me.
Well, some other time, then?
Call me as soon as you find it out.
Miss Beckett, I've been looking for you.
This afternoon I want you to fly to Miami and see the distributors.
Do you believe that the army will have more success?
Well, let them see me.
Hurry up.
We're ready and waiting.
Because you know I'm gonna walk out of that court, just like I did before.
Awkward ass.
I don't like to take mortgages from widows.
By making a lot of idiotic loans?
That's your funeral.
For a celebrated bounder, that is an awful admission.
Liar!
I knew I couldn't trust you.
You're passing up the whitest man on earth for a dirty, no-good...
I always said the Union National was a phoney bank.
The way you've ignored us, you wouldn't think so.
You preached about faith and other rubbish.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about him.
You think you have free license to be insulting?
You are probably an embezzler.
It must have been that damned woman screaming.
Or a liar.
You tell us you're a doctor, you rogue?
He that is himself a confessed traitor.
What a creature must sit on the throne... who lets a man like you deal out his justice.
I hardly consider it fortunate to be bought by anyone by the name of Bishop.
Do you think I'd be grateful for an easy life when my friends are treated like animals?
I was snoring in my bed while they were trying to free England... from an unclean tyrant.
You might choose your company with better taste.
If a man shall be drunk on duty, he shall receive the same fate.
Women will be the death of you yet, Levasseur.
That's a foolish article of yours.
I only hate you and despise you.
I'd sink this ship with all hands before I'd serve him.
And a bad king is bad king, and worse one if he's James.
No doubt the fellow is an impostor.
Now he takes an utter stranger into the family.
It wouldn't take that long if we had the right kind of government.
If you ask me, this is the worst case of downright rudeness I've seen.
I suppose like the fathead you are, you told Father all your little hopes and dreams?
At bottom she's a very dull girl and the life she pictures for herself is the life she belongs in.
I ain't aiming for you to go to John Wilkes' and gobble like a hog!
And when I'm dead on the altar of my country, I hope your conscience irks you.
I don't like the way you're treating Prissy and Mammy.
It's hard to be strict with a man who loses money so pleasantly.
You'll never mean anything but misery to any man.
I do hate you!
It's time you rebels learned you can't take the law into your own hands.
Certainly making a fool of yourself.
If you had any chivalry in you, or were nice...
So the millionaire speculator is turning respectable.
I know you drink on the quiet, and I know how much you drink.
How's it feel to have the woman you've wronged cloak your sins?
You're mistaken if you think I'm leaving her here... with a mother who doesn't consider her reputation.
You think I'll let her out when you'll have her around people like Belle?
I've always thought a lashing with a whip would benefit you immensely.
Either you're a fool or an inhuman woman.
Apparently any mother, even a bad one, is better than none.
I wish it were anybody's child but yours!
Some wealthy, influential citizen merely to curry favour?
They and the page boys are the only real class in the place.
The shameless way in which the deficiency bill has been delayed is nothing short of criminal.
Why don't you tell the truth for once?
This morning they read that an incompetent clown had arrived, parading like a member of the Senate.
If you thought as much about being honest as you do about being smart...
When the country needs men who have courage like never before, he's just gonna decorate a chair and get himself honoured.
The Senator'll make a good orator when his voice stops changing.
I'm getting leery of this guy.
A manicure and a haircut wouldn't do any harm.
Sicking that horrible dame on him.
As if he isn't going to be hurt enough, she has to twist a knife in him too.
The dopes are going to inherit the earth anyway.
I can't think of anything more sappy.
You don't know a dam from a bathtub.
Should I just stand around and let that drooling infant wrap that Willet Creek dam appropriation around my neck?
Our steamroller methods are getting too hard for your sensitive soul?
You're a liar.
He bought it the day following his appointment to the Senate and is using his privileged office for his own personal profit!
Away from all the words, the monuments, the whole rotten show.
An honorary stooge like me against the Taylors and Paines, the machines and the lies.
Is this one of your shenanigans?
I am sick and tired of this contemptible young man!
The people of my state need permanent relief from crooked men!
I'll blacken this punk so he'll...
You're not gonna have a country that can make these kinds of rules work, if you haven't got men who can tell human rights from a punch in the nose.
Taylor has every paper lined up and he's feeding them doctored-up junk!
Doesn't the prestige of the Bolsheviks mean anything to you?
I'm so bored with this face.
What a gruesome proof of the power of the press.
You sit down and pull up your pants and where would it get you?
How can such a civilization survive... which permits their women to put things like that on their heads?
I'm ashamed to put a picture of Lenin in a room like this.
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society.
I know now that you're a man who employs business methods... which in Russia would be punished by death.
I don't resent your not paying me for the past two months... but the thought that I should split my bank account with you... that you should take half of my life's savings... that is really too much for me, sir.
And you know how vain women are.
The service in this hotel is terrible!
That's bad management.
Cecil, this is intolerable!
You slimy toad.
There has seldom been a man so unwise, so headstrong but he could see the necessity of keeping friends and not making enemies at court.
You talk treason and death.
She's got a witch's brain.
You dare hold your queen up to ridicule?
You, who can keep neither your eyes nor your nose or your person where they belong!
Essex, when will you realize how vital it is not to make enemies at court?
Who bow and smile and scrape and spend their nights gnawing the chairs and floors out from under us all.
"All the best fools come from Ireland but only a greater fool would go there. "
You know what happens to stragglers.
She wouldn't leave us here without one word from her except bare dispatches.
Why did I ever trust you?
Or are you lying?
I hated you...
You spoil me for death.
But your love does not match your lust for power.
It looks ridiculous with that coat he's got on.
I don't care how you do it, but you find that desert rat.
Then I turn my back, and he steals a glass.
You don't look as if you had a dime between you.
Boys, sweep them out of the gutter.
Those dopes are trying to crack open the safe.
I got a hunch Quale ain't got his mind on his business.
At my age, corrected by an illiterate.
Stop biting your nails.
I wonder how she likes it now, being ordered about by an ex-chorus girl.
Don't mind my saying so, but why don't you do something about your hair?
I can see by the way you dress you don't care a hoot how you look.
It's blackmail, pure and simple.
It's a pity some of you fellows haven't anything better to do.
I do not drink with thieves and pirates.
You think you can laugh me out of it as if I were a child.
You're the craziest old fool I guess I ever did see.
You ain't gonna have no crop because you got a sin on your soul.
You stole them turnips from Lov and it's the wrong time of the year for stealing.
The Lord don't hold with anybody that steals around planting time and he sure don't hold with anybody that steals and then lies and says he didn't.
He stole them turnips.
That seems to me like a darn short prayer for a sinner like Dude.
Marry a girl your own age.
Take your hands off there, you old fool.
That Dude ought to be ashamed of himself.
You have to wash up all over or no dinner.
Must I remind you that you are the fugitive from justice, and not I?
Just because he's got a big ranch and a fancy pool and a lovely house doesn't mean he's a nice guy.
I wish you'd tell Marigold to shut her silly old face.
But a little more of your stupid behavior and even the respectability of my house won't shield you.
They're doing the catering and making rather a horrid mess of it.
They bomb cities, sink ships, torture and murder, so you and your friends can eat off a gold plate.
He polluted their guts with language that shouldn't be inside of no man!
Right now she has murder in her heart.
If I have to compete with someone, you might let me start on even terms.
You're much too smart, aren't you?
You fooled this young whippersnapper, but you didn't fool nobody else!
There's nothing mysterious about her, she's just a cheap, little...
Now you're lying.
I never saw a more gross neglected duty in my life.
He killed more people than cholera.
Pablo, I no longer trust.
You are an old man who will make trouble with his mouth.
From a year of war you've become lazy, a drunkard and a coward.
Wipe first your chin, drunkard, and then the table!
The wise man gets drunk to spend his time with fools.
You'll see how cold my blood is when that coward comes back!
Lunatics!
What use is courage if you have no head?
Cowards!
You vermin!
There'd be less bills if you didn't raise the kids like I was a millionaire.
You conning him out of the deed without putting down a cent.
I call it to your attention that only one of you has reported here this morning properly dressed.
Woman, go on about your business.
Your word to a breechclouted savage?
Who's talking about cowardice?
Don't be a fool, woman.
You seem easily impressed by numbers, captain.
Well, sir a free translation would be that Meacham's a yellow-bellied polecat of dubious antecedents and conjectural progeny.
There is no room in this regiment for a coward.
I don't approve of people rushing around carrying loaded revolvers.
Is that what they taught you at Yale Law School?
This hysterical Hannah who tried to kill her husband.
What do you think of a man who's unfaithful to his wife?
This is an attempt to paint the defendant as a lunatic.
I'm ashamed of you, Amanda.
Contempt for the law, that's what you've got.
Yet men have killed and proved a reason... and been set free.
This is called inbreeding from which comes idiot children... and more lawyers.
The manners of a great big educated ape.
You think you know something about law.
You're the very animals I was coming to see!
Lads, they're drunk.
A couple months in solitary will cool you off, bugger.
I don't want any of that slop.
This guy's a phony, Cody.
Here's my answer, you dirty...
No, he has other things to do than spend his money on stupid things
No, Richard likes vulgar women.
I'm listening to you eat.
I've had a thousand chances to kill you, dirty, sell out cop.
It's people who should be blamed for the filth, not the river.
Since when is the disppearance of a human being considered trash, in your estimation, Ms Bantam?
This town likes its nasty little, backstairs gossip.
The act of a sick mind with an urge to destroy something young and lovely.
The princess must not pick the polish from her nails.
An arsonist is a person that sets buildings on fire for profit or perverse excitement.
And there's the black hand that did the dirty deed.
One of you better tell the lieutenant that the waterhole I come by this morning is all muddied up.
But when I'm lining up a deal, I don't want any dancehall woman listening in!
She's nothing but a common mobile vulgaris.
Well, she simply said that you're a fat, pompous, bad-tempered old tyrant.
What makes you so cheap?
What's this mess?
I could do wonders with your dismembered body.
I told you no liquor in the office.
Well, when you are fat, you don't move so fast.
I know you women gotta pretend to be offended.
You and Marie are a couple of sluts.
What are you good for?
You can't even cook my breakfast.
You're lying!
That's the stuff he fills the children's heads with!
The piece of chalk had written so many things on the blackboard that it believed it knew all about everything.
You let everyone sit around while you took your petty revenge?
You big fool!
I think Mr Entwhistle is disturbed because he can't take you to the party and dance all over your feet.
What's the vulture doing?
Act your age!
Grown-up men playing with monkeys.
Self-experimentation is against the rules of good research.
Oh, it tastes bitter.
Stay away from her, you wife beater!
I certainly don't consciously realise it, and I think that's pretty rotten of you to say that.
Stop talking like a fool!
One should be able to take care of one's possessions.
Are you a human being, inspector?
You are a coward like all other people, aren't you?
Rushing home to a hot apartment to listen to the automatic laundry and the electric dishwasher and the garbage disposal and the nagging wife.
Can you imagine her traveling around the world with a camera bum who never has more than a week's salary in the bank?
Yeah, she'll wind up fat, alcoholic and miserable.
You have a great talent for creating difficult situations.
Like staying here all night uninvited.
Like disposing of their wives?
Which one of you killed my dog?
What kind of a father are you, anyway?
What have you been drinking?
All you want is my money.
It's an old saying by an old crow.
Next time you try that, I'll forget that you're a woman.
You treat her bad.
I treat her like what she is to me, nothing.
Might wash some of the starch out of you, or rust.
Same place you left your table manners?
It made a thief of Weston, a pig out of Colby and a fool of you.
Don't ever try to come in between, you smart-eyed slob.
You brat!
You letting this joker give orders?
Hal, you fool!
I gotta stop that fool.
If there's any decency in you...
Try something now, the brat gets his.
You ain't learned yet who's running this show.
You take pleasure in torturing people!
Go to your girlfriend's or a hotel, but don't come home.
Hal, get back upstairs with the brat.
Watch your manners.
I'm not going to the chair 'cause that ape got trigger-happy!
That gal's got you all messed up.
We have to watch these convicts and murderers all the time.
I'll disinherit him.
He's as bad as his uncle.
The man who blows his own horn.
Silence this fool, Menelaus.
The truth of the matter is, his skin's as tender as his vanity.
Then understand your place in the palace, nowhere else!
The girl you thought you knew was quite nameless and without reality.
My brother seems to have forgotten his courtliness.
If you don't tell me all you know, you become an accessory before the fact of murder.
She'll lend you an air of respectability if that's possible.
Don't you realize that Americans dislike having their children stolen?
To be enraged with a dumb brute that acted out of blind instinct is blasphemous.
Suspicious old goat.
Why did you have to sit there listening to him?
Kind of reckless of you.
Yeah, I bet she was a real beautiful girl before she met you.
You've got a real twisted mind, haven't you?
You beast.
I do hope it won't affect your ego!
But you haven't had much respect for them.
I can hardly wait for you to grow up.
Do some more rolling and tossing and thinking about it.
You are spoiled.
No need to mock the grave.
From the moment you surrendered, you ceased to be soldiers.
This is only just for it is they who betrayed you by surrender.
You speak to me of code?
The coward's code!
Since you refuse to abide by the laws of the civilised world we must consider ourselves absolved from our duty to obey you.
Murdering unarmed men?
He is unworthy of command.
I intend to make a full report of your activities in this camp.
You are defeated but you have no shame.
There's no order, no discipline.
We mustn't forget we wasted a month through an unfortunate disagreement for which I was not to blame.
Sabotage, demolition, that line of country.
The whole thing's a fake.
Don't talk rot, Clipton.
It's superficial.
You make me sick with your heroics.
You carry the stench of death like the plague.
When Harold doesn't get his laundry, disaster!
The facing page looks as intellectual as a snake.
Most people think they're beautiful dresses on beautiful women.
And that you not only look like, but you are, a mess of worms.
That's very rude, refusing to dance with Mimi.
You must come from the Stone Age.
Why not throw some empathy my way?
I have asked you here to meet the woman selected to represent the most discriminating publication in the world, Quality.
It's time you woke up to your responsibilities.
Put these in water, blabbermouth!
It's ugly, old and musty.
In hospital he'd hide cigars and brandy all over the place.
You'd better get a man with younger arteries.
Bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
Look at his crooked smile.
That stupid little bastard.
You think you're pretty smart, don't you?
Why are you smiling, you silly bastard?
It is a lot of crap, sir.
Don't you have any principles?
No morality?
You talk like a madman.
You're a one-man disaster area.
Bastards!
Shoddy work will not do.
Milo, I'm gonna kill you, you murdering son of a bitch!
He was my friend, you dumb bitch!
You dumb bastard, why didn't you get some girl off the streets?
You've murdered a human being!
You can't take the life of another human being and get away with it!
Have you no patriotism?
You're a disgrace to your country!
How did you get to be a captain?
Just what we don't need around here, some scrawny, milk-drinking...
And if you don't understand plain English... maybe there's something else you will understand.
This greaser was just trying to tell me how to run my business.
The smell.
He's a gutless wonder.
Don't lie to me, you pepper gut.
And there's a big difference between love and infatuation.
Your husband is harboring a killer.
You're too little and weak, like a girl.
Younger Bear was just trying to hand me the worst possible insult.
Saving his life was the final insult.
You murdering fool!
You're a liar, boy.
Men will believe anything, the more preposterous the better.
Why have you come back when nobody wants to see you?
You bastard!
I was a friend of the Human Beings until they stole my wife.
This starved duck?
You humiliated him again.
Idle boasting, I assure you.
Young man, your self-righteous piety is commencing to annoy me.
- Your miserable life is not worth a reversal of a Custer decision.
This life is not only wicked and sinful.
The time had come to look the devil in the eye and send him to hell where he belonged.
Anything that man tells me will be a lie.
But, of course, she's lying.
Well, you see, over here, you know, in the United States, they have these big companies that send out these personnel directors to these colleges to sign up the bright students and their wives.
Trying to make me crawl and cower and cringe and admit to your monstrous lies.
Hasn't got a halfpenny to his name.
It's such a ridiculous...
That's rude.
This is not behaving in a company way.
That's incest!
Weak, a go-alonger, no character!
How can you stand there dripping all over their lobby with no heel, no luggage, and say it's my fault we have no room?
There's no need for sarcasm.
You found it on a bench, a dog's been at it...
I should feed a strange mouth?
Ever since they lost our luggage you have been sourcastic with me, and irritable, and insensitive and intolerant!
How can you be so inhuman?
If there's any justice, let him get mugged by the man who took my watch!
That you don't want to live here, or in Chicago, or San Francisco, or any other place where people have to live on top of each other, and they don't have enough room to walk, or breath, or smile.
You stole it.
A boy that I watched grow up was in that car that you threw the hornets into.
They're trying to take his old man's land.
Then they'll tell him the way to keep his boy from being hanged is to sign over his ranch to them for a quarter of what it's worth.
Find out where he hides them deeds and all the stuff he's been stealin'.
He's lying.
Humans are dumb.
A marriage bed is made for two, but every damn morning, it's the woman who has to make it.
Would we have approved killing him in babyhood when he was innocent, or killing his mother, or slaughtering his remote ancestors?
You can't make a dead man's knee jump any more than you can test a corpse's reaction to a prefrontal lobotomy!
Nobody makes a fool out of my wife.
You'd prefer the parents dead, too.
But, in a democracy, we do not shoot unarmed suspects on sight for a murder in which their participation is still unproven.
Stand by and see his wife insulted?
You know that the child of two primitive apes will never learn how to speak.
And dead fish.
I was taking out on her what I should have been giving you!
Get naked and tell me the truth about my money.
Think them folks would spend a penny to send you east?
All she do is waggle her hips and shake her behind.
Pat, keep that mule's asshole away from me before I have to break him.
Enough to spread you out like a crazy woman's quilt.
Or it's just Bob that smells like street shit over there.
Repent, you son of a bitch!
Wanted for horse-thieving down in Seven Rivers, ain't you?
You are dead inside.
So much you had to take up with that low-down piece, old Hyatt.
What are you doing with that piece of sheep dip?
Well, I still want him for that train robbery up at Springer.
You'll make a good living cow-thieving.
Time's over for drifters and outlaws and those who got no backbone.
You're crazier than a mule-humping goat.
And anyone who doesn't do right according to nature and my mother I will blow his head off.
Man, what are you, some kind of frog-watcher?
You chickenshit bastard.
They were bred for degeneracy.
You're beautiful, Jean, but sometimes you have the bad breath of priests.
There will come a time, when those who sit above me will want you delivered.
You're still an idiot.
You still serve that dull, grey stupidity.
I don't like your type in my streets.
I've lost another man and that bastard thinks it's funny.
Another keen son of a bitch.
I bet he has fleas.
Crazy out of your skull.
It's a bit like Monopoly, only more people get hurt.
He had a bad moustache, a lot of bad habits.
There was a group that helped criminals get guns so they could shoot citizens.
Strange that I should be called a destitute woman when I have all these riches locked in my heart.
While you were being a pawn in capitalistic society,
He's great if you happen to like a tall, blond, Prussian, Nordic, Aryan, Nazi type.
It's disgusting.
I think I could turn and live with animals.
You're liars.
And you are the biggest liar of all!
We don't commit murder up here.
A man who would come here as a virgin.
A man who has come here as a fool.
You are the fool, Mr Howie.
The penis is evil.
But the gun shoots death and purifies the earth of the filth of brutals.
These images will pollute us.
Obscenely decaying flesh.
Every little sin and misdemeanour, raked over and over.
So if you're bad often enough, you'll die.
They're malicious and vicious, so in and out fast.
You idle apathetic!
It's a disease.
And we are no longer victims of this violent, convulsive act, which so debased women and betrayed men.
You are a mutant.
An end to the human race that has plagued this pretty planet for far too long.
To kill the brutals who multiply and are legion.
You murdered your own god, by accident.
No man, woman or beast will ever desire you again.
I've seen men rape an old crippled woman in a wet ditch.
We few... the rich, the powerful, the clever... cut ourselves off to guard the knowledge and treasures of civilisation, as the world plunged into a dark age.
Such vanity.
Imagine getting gussied up like this to watch a lot of Supreme Court judges chew.
I just got this crew broke in, so don't go screwing 'em up with your old-fashioned ways.
He dropped his old-fashioned wrench.
How did I get such a smart-ass kid?
Alice, what the hell have you done to the coffee?
Get a job, dummy.
Shall I open a vein and sign it in blood?
And if one more guy makes a pass at me, I'm going to sock him in the face.
Is that the only word your mind can understand?
Now, I don't date teenagers.
That bitch has messed around with me.
I swear that man moves like dead lice were falling off him.
How long do you think we'll have to stay in this hellhole?
I hardly recognize him with his mouth closed.
You know, you have a worse mouth than my kid.
You're just as selfish as he is.
You want what you want when you want it.
If you can find a job, if it pays more than $50 a week... and if you don't get involved with another maniac.
So long, suckers!
Open that door again, you'll run a 3-legged race to the undertaker.
If David comes back, I'll give him a bust right in the mouth.
I am sure you will find her in the fraternity house.
I don't know what the bastard expect of me.
You have to be a pig!
This is junk.
I mean, aside from all of this junk.
Anyway, the president of this teamster local back east set up a phony welfare fund, right?
Bitch.
She is the most immoral young lady I have ever seen.
She was so fat, when she sat on a drugstore stool, she had a hangover.
Rosy had eaten and drunk a lot.
You sit and discuss your sports and your young ladies and...
Traitor!
Despised him.
She's got an indiscreet voice.
This presumptuous little flirtation is over.
You're so dumb, you don't know you're alive.
He ran over Myrtle like you'd run over a dog and never bothered to stop his car.
These assholes have been after me for my sources and you're...
Anybody would be ashamed of that.
For a moment, I thought you were a man.
Don't touch me unless you love me.
He's so damn mean, he can't get along with anybody.
You've been drinking again, haven't you?
You're lyin'!
I can't tell the boy from a doorpost.
Except when you're throwin' up in the back of Bill Fails's Chevelle.
There's gonna be a lot of clowns out there with firearms and itchy fingers.
Ah, he's peeing on me!
He's peeing on me.
Give the bitch to me.
They've been infected with the bacteria.
Has been infected with a new strain typhoid?
Walk like a man, for God's sake!
I'm in the shithouse.
Champion of dumb animals, ladies in distress, lost kids and lost causes.
You ever see a horse run himself dead just to please the man on his back?
It's a shame to waste all that prime beef on a guy serving three to five in prison.
Lousy bank robber, too.
Yes, well, she's a stupid woman.
Or it might've just fallen overboard dropped there by some drunken old rummy.
The old girl's finally lost her virginity.
The way she's lying, there won't be any steel plate to have to burrow through.
How much of that junk are we gonna bring up?
Your refusal to speak to me is tediously immature, Susan.
How stupid.
You think I like playing sick little games with you?
And I refuse to assist you in the rape of the Earth.
And as long as you terrorize me, I'm gonna fight you.
I regret your aggressiveness, Walter.
No more soap opera.
It seems, Passelewe, that my subjects are becoming a pain in the arse.
And what better than to sacrifice one of the beast's own servants whom we caught masquerading as a holy sister of the Mother Church?
We will fire him into the eternal darkness as a testimony to our piety and godliness.
You pulled them all off me, you stupid son of a bitch.
You know, I'm getting damn tired of your misplaced admiration.
So we eliminate women, old men and kids.
Hit him with your purse, ya pussy.
I want you to have a heart attack and die so we never have to do this again.
I hate that cheap little bastard.
Every sucker for himself, I guess.
They brought their fuckin' toys with 'em!
They're too dumb to play with themselves.
You're drunk.
Yeah, he's bullshit.
They're fuckin' horrible-lookin'.
Recycled jockstraps.
Shittiest rink in the fuckin' league.
The fucker was holdin' on till he could scrounge a job.
You big baby.
They seem so childish.
You're a pussy.
Suzanne sucks pussy!
I told him his wife was a dyke.
That cunt is no good.
She do that to make him crazy so he don't know what he doing.
What sucker would buy the Chiefs?
You wanna say some more, you ugly bastard?
It make me sick.
You make me sick when you speak, Morris.
But the hair is rotten here.
There's no room in sports for people like you.
They gotta be punished.
All she could do was drink and cry, like you.
"How did I get mixed up with a bum like him?"
I'm ashamed of you."
Somebody's gonna kill you, you dumb son of a bitch, but it's not gonna be me.
She also has a drinking problem, and I have no idea where she is.
Why do you wear that rug?
We're human beings, you know.
Get outta here, you goddamn parasite.
You're full of shit!
What goes through your mind comes out of your mouth.
What are you guys, a bunch of cripples?
You're a fucking bastard!
I don't think she's intelligent either.
You want to play games?
How about paying for something you drop by accident?
Do you always lie?
You're suffering from small eyes and fat asses.
That bohunk's not gonna put a circus tent on my doorstep.
Unfortunately he has a habit of wasting taxpayers' money.
That's a lie!
It was hideous.
It's all bullshit.
Hurry up, suckers, you're dragging!
And shave off that dreadful moustache.
All right, you big bastard, come on.
Every spring, the toilets explode.
He's a sneaky little shit just like you, right?
You fat, disgusting slob!
And goddamn it, tuck up those pyjamas!
You're all worthless and weak!
Don't you have any respect for yourself?
I'm old enough to be your mother, almost.
If you lay one finger on that poor, sweet, helpless girl... you'll despise yourself forever.
You homo!
They're just animals, I guess.
What should we do, moron?
Come on out, you bastards!
Well, he was old enough to be your father.
And without Sam, it's better to let these people with the black suits and the Swiss haircuts worry about things you and I don't begin to understand.
Come here, you lazy, no-good son of mine!
I hate bankers.
Someone at Roffe gave or sold highly secret research material to four competitive firms.
People who don't pay up end with their knees nailed to the floor.
You really believe you can frighten me?
You stay and cook one of your raw dinners.
It's wasted on this bunch of Swiss bankers.
You also know the usual French prison is filled with the relatives of all those poor little beetles you've killed.
You're a killer.
You really and truly are a perfect bastard.
This is all a cover-up.
You lonely old coot.
And he calls me an asshole!
Are you drunk?
I've been to that scumbag town.
Do I have to bother with that shit?
Why don't you stay where you belong, in yo-yo land?
All right, you rat prick.
I don't think I want body-to-body contact.
Where's the bastard that runs this shithole?
Why does a solid businessman like you want to get into pornography?
Show me how to punish Perseus for this blasphemy!
Hear me, vain and foolish mortal woman.
But for now, there is sufficient cowardice, sloth and mendacity down there on Earth to last forever.
You sleep in till noon, then you watch Rocky and Bullwinkle.
You come home, you order out food... and then you play those stupid Tito Puente albums until 2 in the morning!
Most guys couldn't even handle you.
My job is to see that big, strong men like you... get on these buses without getting lost.
And I don't like nobody touching my stuff!
If I catch any of you guys in my stuff, I'll kill you.
Also, I don't like nobody touching me.
So you better hit them bunks, my little babies... or Sergeant Hulka with the big toe... is gonna see how far he can stick it up your ass.
Because you talked me into this, that's why, you idiot!
I do not want to hear one more insubordinate word... from anyone in this platoon.
You're a killer!
You're a trained killer!
You men are a disgrace.
What if the Russians were raping your sister?
You practically raped her one night.
Oh, my God, what an idiot.
It's because of you people that I cannot get outside!
That old bastard's killed more guys than the electric chair.
I'm telling you, this cocksucker's trouble.
You're an asshole.
If that slob was a penologist, I'm a jet airplane pilot.
You gotta be a real putz to wear a white coat around here.
I'm pleased to meet you, ugly wop son of a bitch.
She looks like a jelly doughnut, doesn't she?
She still eating cereal with her fingers?
This asshole from the coroner's wants her on two stretchers.
You know, I'm not so fond of raising money, but I think it's idiotic to turn that job over to him.
I don't need you to tell me what our priorities are, Seamus.
Since then I accuse myself of impure actions.
Because you like power.
What I wonder is if you were wearing this when you were banging Lois Fazenda.
There's going to be an awful lot of red faces if this policeman does his duty.
Looks like a goddamn freak show out there.
Damn, I thought she had better taste than that.
You touch her, and the Food and Drug Administration gets you for fuckin' food.
You aren't even allowed to look at her with her clothes on.
For being the biggest dickhead I ever went out with.
You little piece of shit.
Get that piece of pigshit out here.
Play fair with me, fat man.
Mickey, I don't mind you being stupid, but this is crazy.
You know, you're too stupid to even be a good bigot.
You know, I'm no doctor, but I could swear this youngster's inebriated.
I'm not takin' a shower with him.
That... that seducer and despoiler must be stopped.
He's a contemptible little pervert who's...
Now, you got any more smart talk?
Those boys just destroyed my station house and two of my cars.
I want them booked on felony charges, destruction of private property, and assault.
You disturb the neighbors, I'll cut you up and eat you for dinner.
Stop the whore.
Why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing is wrong?
And this smog doesn't help anyway.
You break in here, and you tell me you think Paul's a murderer.
But he became such a damn pest that I left New York.
Have you been drinking?
The dishes are on the table, the refrigerator door was open...
I feel all rotten inside.
She believes that her father has incestuous desires.
He tries to prove he's a real man and he's not.
You're harming them psychologically.
Christ, she tore the fuckin' place apart.
Come on, show yourself, you coward.
I want her out of here, Doctor.
Sweetheart, the opinion of a madman doesn't impress me or anyone else.
I'm gonna get that bastard.
He thought it was sinful.
Your gutless hide is safe.
I'm stuck with guys down here that are too dumb to roll rocks down a steep hill.
Only a gourd-head would ask a stupid question like that.
Riskin' your life for that little fucker!
By the time they take the mortgage payments out of my paycheck, there's not enough left to buy you a fuckin' box of tampons!
This is your shit bucket, folks.
Weren't nice of you fellas, trying to steal another man's horse.
Quit your swearing, Luke.
And as for you... whatever it is you're hatching, forget it, or end up dead.
Everything seems to have a bite to it, and I'm smelling like an old sheepherder.
I'm really tempted to take you along with me... but I'm just afraid that I'd awaken some morning... and find you'd made a necklace with my teeth.
Take a look at these wrinkles and these here grey hairs.
Hey, Dal, while you're down there trying to figure out the female race... you might as well take a bath.
You've nothin to bitch about!
I am going to throw up.
Go call your pimp to look after you!
The killer is insane!
Careful now, I have feelings like a real human being.
Trying to eliminate the human perverts.
Did you spend every cent you ever made?
I'm not some gun for hire.
Soames thinks he's a smart-ass.
You can afford it when I kick your teeth!
Well, it's a shitty world.
The asshole's got files on me.
Jake Wise planted something up in his office to frame me.
I shouldn't be this drunk.
Victor, I know that you're into a lot of crooked shit.
You're one pain in the ass I don't need.
If you discount the angina, the migraines and the gastritis, there's nothing wrong with me.
I'm such a pain in the ass these days I deserve myself.
I wanna know whose idea it was to have children.
Don't touch me!
Look, I don't mind if you have a new dog but you can't let him run aroud scaring half the neighbourhood.
Think we should find a rubbish dump or something.
You got bird shit in your hair.
Now look at all this fucking mess!
Where do they get this crap?
Prostitutes will try to tempt you with their unhealthy immorality.
Watch where you drive, artist.
What a mess.
I am going to report you to the police.
Too much vodka.
There are whores in Gorky Park who have carved my name on trees.
You have no respect for position.
Leonid is stupid.
Our leaders are only good for parades.
Makes rude gestures at people doing their socialist duties.
Them Italians came one time and stole half the store.
Women don't belong in the dressing room!
Fags everywhere.
It's freedom for a woman to spread her legs like that on a magazine?
He says that he's looking at a giant asshole from Moscow.
Never mind that rubbish.
You've got a big mouth, Senator.
Anybody connected with drugs deserves to die.
He is an upwardly-mobile super-achiever and lives in a condo on Wilshire Boulevard.
I bet you don't even like girls, do you?
You flaming fucking faggot!
How can you have the gall to compare the conflict here in Vietnam with a glass of cappuccino coffee?
How can you drink that shit?
Why don't you do your sorry ass a favor?
It's impolite to stare.
Who's got time to wonder what happened to some ridiculous talking mice when you're driving by at 75 miles an hour?
Everything's funny to you, ain't it, needle nose?
You rinse, you get this glob of plaque you gotta spit out.
You're gonna be outta work, you keep scamming like you are.
I'm not the same pathetic, trusting fool that I was a couple of days ago.
Don't get too used to those long lunches.
Goddamn little bitch secretary.
But you're lying.
OK, the same day, I'm reading the Post and there's this item on Bobby Stein, the radio guy who does those gross jokes about Ethiopia and the Betty Ford Center.
You and Steven will be doing the dirty crockery alone this evening.
Or you can go straight back to your home on the streets.
You ain't no Captain you and sure as hell ain't no Robin Hood.
You're a bandit who eats children and old people.
That's the man that eats people
You weren't supposed to touch Brady!
It's an insult.
Now you're lying.
You're the little guy that tried to make off with my queen.
That's not music.
I'll never eat fish again.
You think I'll ever forget you running from that stupid clown?
That's a bunch of bullshit.
Bad dog!
Idiot!
Disgusting.
Stupid.
Get a doctor at once!
It's a matter of life and death.
Dickson will ruin this bank if we don't stop him.
Looks to me like we're in hot water already.
I've been robbed.
Banks today have got to be careful.
And if he doesn't get it, he goes into bankruptcy and throws 900 men out of work.
Dude, there's not any chance of my becoming involved in this, is there?
Meanwhile, you're jeopardizing the safety of the bank.
I was afraid of making a fool of myself.
You've got me worried, dear.
I wouldn't trust anybody.
Yes, but when the cash runs out, they'll mob us.
It's all been like a crazy nightmare.
They threatened to kill me if I didn't pay.
I didn't know what to do.
I didn't know anybody was going to be killed.
I didn't know what I was doing.
All I could think of was that they were going to kill me.
I'll die if they send me to prison.
It wasn't her fault, honest it wasn't.
If we close, our stock won't be worth a nickel.
We got to do something or it'll be too late.
To tell the truth, Baron, tonight we're a little bit nervous.
I was frantic.
The others are getting suspicious.
I was threatened.
I'm alarmed about you.
Once at sea, if we get there, our troubles will have just begun.
I've just heard a startling piece of news.
It's too late, isn't it?
Did I get home all right last night?
The doctor said you shouldn't excite yourself.
You're afraid of what may happen if the war comes?
Help!
Is it worth the risk of a scandal?
I wouldn't take the slightest risk now you've made such a great reputation for yourself in the Senate.
When he finds out our dam is at his boys camp he'll start asking questions.
He's about to blow the whole machine to smithereens and you with it!
If we yield to blackmail from this man, we'll become a laughing stock!
He can raise public opinion against us.
If he starts convincing those senators, you might as well blow your brains out!
Mr President, what happens to me in the morning?
He's cutting our throat.
It may bring you serious trouble.
I view with alarm the influence over you of this Bolshevik lady.
If she succeeds, the consequences will be disastrous.
I will be punished, and I should be punished.
It must be serious.
We must be extremely careful what goods we take in exchange.
I don't want to be sent into that foreign atmosphere again.
What if Her Majesty should overhear you?
His ambition has jeopardized the prosperity of the English people.
It may endanger the very peace and stability of England.
All I ask of you is be careful.
This deficit has grown to alarming proportions.
Ireland's been fatal to every commander who risked his fortune there.
You fear you'll not always love me?
That means we're in grave trouble.
Oh, Maxim, I'm worried about what you'll do at the inquest tomorrow.
We're losing the wind!
I feel some concern for his safety.
With all the contributions of the Sea Hawks... we cannot possibly match Phillip's vast resources.
Let me go!
Oh, Charles, I'm frightened.
I only hope it isn't too high for you here.
You must go, go at once, before Henry catches you here.
What happens to the gold in our safe?
But I'm not out of danger yet.
How much do you think he heard?
If we don't get that money, how's Wheaton gonna go to seattle?
That would be risking your neck.
Did I do something wrong?
Help!
She was coming after me with this gun right in her two hands.
She shot me, at me.
I was too nervous.
Did I go too far?
No one can feel safe living in a community... when there are reckless and irresponsible neurotics... wandering about its thoroughfares armed with deadly weapons.
Around about midnight, the ghosts and banshees get together for nightly jamborees.
It was a nightmare.
What was that crack?
Sometimes, it makes the skin crawl.
But, what if it doesn't work?
Be careful!
Help me!
We need a doctor, quick!
Please, hurry, this man is really ill.
They'll kill you and all of us.
You frightened me.
This isn't going to be as easy to get out of.
I tried to make him see a psychiatrist.
I thought he'd kill me.
I've got to get out before he gets back!
You're caught below another man's gun!
Please be careful.
It looks like a life sentence.
The whole town in panic.
But the crisis is now, sir.
Don't ever leave me.
I was going nearly crazy 'cause I couldn't find Little Sheba.
I'm a little bit frightened.
Something's wrong.
I hope it doesn't get any worse.
Careful!
It sounds frightening.
Are you sure you really love me?
It's too dangerous, it's utterly unpredictable.
I need your help.
Here, faster, before the planes are back.
It was an accident.
There was no way I could get in touch with my husband.
It's ticking like a bomb.
They murder everything that moves.
It's looking for us.
Whether we live or die may depend on what happens here.
Four minutes to bomb time.
What are you gonna do if one of them catches you?
I wouldn't dare answer that.
Something too frightful to utter.
How do you know there was a murder?
Bloody footsteps leading up to the door?
Seemed worried about it.
No sense taking any chances in this thing.
When you get hurt, yell.
You're not gonna give him a chance, are you?
I'll be late for the first bell!
Don't want nobody to get hurt.
Any trouble, call on the phone.
They're looking all over for you.
What if the police find you here?
Yes, son, I'm afraid.
If they track you down, it wouldn't be our doing.
Dad, don't let them take me.
please don't let them take me!
How are you going to stop them?
What if they trace that call?
I'm attacked from all sides!
It concerns me!
"There are men in the house with guns.
Why go on taking chances?
I don't want to lose you.
Don't misunderstand me.
I've just been bitten by a snake.
Where are you taking me?
She's fainted.
I don't know why I'm in such a hurry to get into trouble again.
A strange voice, a set of instructions that might have come from anywhere.
I hope that while we're waiting, another disaster doesn't occur.
We thought they might be weapons directed against us.
To do that would cause worldwide panic.
Despite our power the few of us would be busy indefinitely trying to suppress a large, hostile population.
You're not going to work with these monsters?
This itself may have placed the entire country's safety in jeopardy.
We have no choice but to use every conceivable weapon if they land.
I hope they haven't spotted us.
They're looking for us, all right.
We'll have to hope that that's enough.
Careful, brother.
Cover him up, quickly.
A strange ship was sighted running out of the storm.
My courage almost failed me at the thought of meeting Ajax.
Look, there's something weird going on here, and I can't quite follow it.
I'm afraid it isn't quite as easy as all that.
A whale can jump up like an earthquake and come down on you like a mountain that somehow put to sea.
A whale can stave in the ribs of the biggest ships, swallow whole crews, pick its teeth with the oars.
God keep us, keep us all.
I fear the wrath of God.
God, I'll lose him.
Without a wind, we'll lose him!
Don't anybody move!
Lightning can kill you.
The coach was robbed and Bill Moons killed.
He's got a shotgun on you, Wade.
A man died from looking at his wife.
What's wrong?
Drop that gun and let me walk out.
Ben, are you all right?
He could shoot you and say you tried to run.
They'll kill us first.
Please, I'm begging you.
Run before they chop you down.
How do I know you'll jump?
You know, this ship is going much too fast.
Help!
I am aware of that, but to be seen together could be disastrous for us both.
We've created a problem.
I was so worried that...
If things don't work out...
Darling, he'll never be able to support you.
I really am in a hurry.
If he found out, he'd insist upon doing it himself if he had the money, which I doubt.
I'm worried about the future, and what people will think.
Escape is impossible.
I made it ashore, but I got separated from the other survivors.
I'd say the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
The odds against survival in this camp are even worse.
Look, sir, we haven't much time.
Or am I going mad?
Do you know what will happen to me if the bridge is not ready in time?
I'd have to kill myself.
I tell you, gentlemen, we have a problem on our hands.
But there's the challenge.
That bridge would collapse under the first train.
Don't leave me.
They can't do this to me.
We're prisoners of war.
He says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
Most of their wounds won't heal properly.
You've got to get there before sundown.
But, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
Imagine being forced to build that in the condition they must be in.
You think he'll be all right?
We throw ourselves at your mercy.
You can't do this to him, or to all the others.
We are so late already.
It's urgent!
I fear that what life remains to me...
Nothing is guaranteed.
Every day it was worse.
Somehow I had to reach Louise, to survive.
I knew my ill-fitting clothes were unsuited to the exertions that lay before me.
The most terrifying ever beheld by human eyes.
Oh, this is terrible.
I was more frightened than the defendant.
He thinks I may be arrested any minute.
It's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
The trouble is, I need money for manufacturing and promotion.
When I left her she was alive!
When Janet came back she was dead.
Is it, perhaps, that this cause is too hopeless?
And there she was, dead.
We are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
Now, be careful, children.
It's dangerous.
I don't know anything about being a commander.
A man was killed in his plane and bled all over him.
We're gonna come out dead!
It will make them sick.
How much longer do you think your country will last?
Aarfy, if anything happens to me, will you take care of my girl?
He'll keep us flying missions till we're all dead.
Something's going on.
What shall I do now?
Who's dead?
Don't hurt him.
Help him!
She tried to kill me because I told her about Nately.
Fine, except I'm scared to death.
Can you still keep going on?
You don't bring enough men with you.
I heard you ran into some trouble today.
I ought to have a doctor.
That ain't gonna be easy.
There are many problems attendant to running such a large territory.
You better look out, Mr. Garrett.
They say he killed a man when he was 12 years old.
You're gonna make me swear on the Bible?
Said it was ghastly.
Mr. Chisum, that sounds like a threat.
They'll kill you.
Better get out of here... 'cause I ain't ever gonna surrender to Nodeen.
Women and children off the street!
Can you make it?
That smell of death.
That explains why they didn't rape me right off.
They'll get me tonight, for sure.
I had made the first real enemy of my life.
I didn't mean to kill him.
There must be an error.
An enemy had saved my life by the violent murder of one of my best friends.
All right, let's get the hell out.
I cannot fight.
True, but the soldiers would kill us before we got to the river.
It's too late.
Please be more careful in the future, Captain.
You came up here to kill me, didn't you?
That'd really get me in trouble.
We're running out of ammunition.
Now we are running out of ammunition.
We're being wiped out!
I was afraid of that.
To be hypnotized indirectly is very common, but to be regressed indirectly is not only unusual but a little nerve-wracking.
Or God knows in how many lifetimes you'll be paying for it.
Oh, for Pete's sake, don't say anything about that around here.
If I'm not on guard every moment, you steal across the border into reality.
The sea makes me seasick and I'm afraid of flying.
Doctor, how long has this stuff been going on?
We've heard from Kennedy Approach that we've run into a traffic problem.
Feels like we're going down.
We've run into a fog system not previously reported.
There's no time!
We just found out they were lost!
Is something wrong?
With this strike they've no way home, and there's not a room in the city.
My wife is in bad shape.
Don't panic.
You'd rather be found dead with two small children in Ohio?
We were wandering around, that's how we got robbed.
Isn't that terrible!
Oh, my God, we're being kidnapped.
Is it bleeding?
But it's bleeding?
If you bleed, you'll get an infection.
It's not safe.
They'd give me ten to twenty years!
Stay in the car, they'll tear you apart.
Looks like trouble ahead.
And then they'll kill us!
I'm dizzy, I'm gonna faint.
We've got to get out of here.
He's hurt pretty bad.
You'd better leave that bandage alone, unless you want to start bleeding again.
I was in front and you were behind with a gun in my back.
Was he hurt bad?
He tried to knife me.
Look out!
Did they hit you, Pat?
Are you gonna faint?
I heard some shooting, Sheriff.
It's too late to start anything now.
Can we get there without being seen?
Be careful.
Everybody is afraid here.
I've no other place to go.
When the shooting starts, don't forget to duck.
It ain't safe to go that way...
What's a girl to do when a man keeps following her around?
I didn't see him, but he hit me.
Hope this thing don't go off while I'm climbing down.
What if they catch the Captain before he gets help?
If we lose, get out of town quick.
They're gonna be tough to run out.
Which future has God, if there is a God, chosen for man's destiny?
Because you were frightened for the safety of yourselves and your unborn child?
This is a risk we dare not ignore.
After this, I doubt we shall be allowed to live at all.
I didn't mean to kill him.
This is as far as we dare to take you.
The police have road blocks on every main exit from town.
How much time has the world got?
My God, stop him!
She was gonna turn me in.
You're going to set this whole place on fire.
I just hope there's no snakes round here.
You'll get killed just to give something away.
Don't let me go down.
And the more dangerous you are, the shorter the options on your future.
I've got every man on it, but without FBI or locals, we're carrying a handicap.
When I think of it, I'm afraid.
It could have been a dead end.
If Milne's found dead, that'll make for more questions and deeper probes.
The lady comes in sudden and she's got this gun.
He's still emotionally unstable.
Help!
I think that we're lost.
I mean I can't swim.
I'm scared.
They're in chaos.
Excuse me, Doctor, but that would be a tragic mistake.
Please, be careful.
I'm afraid it can't be done, sir!
Dear God in Heaven, even these people can't be that mad.
If you know where she is, I beg you to tell me now before it's too late.
Well, don't you understand that if your crops fail this year, next year you're going to have to have another blood sacrifice?
May is a great scientist, but she also has destructive tendencies.
But they're all dead.
Death comes closer for us all.
Another dead end.
You have destroyed us.
I hear we can expect a bumpy ride tonight.
Oh, I hope it's not serious.
If I miss that meeting, I'll lose about half next year's sales commissions.
You look a little off-colour, Scotty.
She can't stay off that kidney machine too long.
Something hit us.
All the flight crew is... either dead or... or badly injured.
There's no one left to fly the plane.
A lot of the gauges over the engineer's... panel are broken.
I can't do this.
We got a big problem.
There's a big hole in the flight deck.
We have a complication.
We're not running low, are we?
There's gas coming out of the wing.
I'm afraid to let her try.
I'm scared.
This is just plain suicide, sir.
It'll probably kill me, too.
She's got the curse.
I hope this doesn't ruin my tryout for cheerleader.
He used to make me bend over while he whipped me with his belt.
Really scary.
You scare the hell out of me too.
Will you be okay if I go up to bed?
Barb, what's the matter?
He'd kill us if he got the chance.
I am afraid of murder.
I think he's been recording my telephone.
I'm not sure how to operate that thing.
My little finger, it's all black and blue.
But he knew I was lying.
Somebody told me they thought he'd killed a man once.
I heard he was connected with the government during the war, a spy.
I remember one on the porch, waiting in darkness so complete I couldn't see his face.
It's too young for a heart attack.
If you're standing where Bridges was, you're gonna drown.
I was scared shitless they'd think I was still alive.
If you print anything now, I'll be exposed.
I want my baby back.
I haven't done anything wrong.
They hurt you any, Maxwell?
She'll be dead before the sound gets there.
We didn't pass that cutoff, did we?
Look out!
Otherwise, I fear not only for the safety of our men, but frankly, for their lives as well.
I don't want to get shot.
Now, you may kill me, but if you don't come to your senses and throw it down, they're gonna kill you.
Man, they'd lock me up from now to Moses.
You ain't really gonna let them take that baby, are you?
I want you to pull over and stop so's we don't have an accident or worse.
Ain't no way in the world I'm goin' up that path.
Anna, most can barely walk.
Our soldiers are dying in the inferno to be burning tanks.
It kills many brave men.
They've done things with my body and the bodies of others ...
What life awaits a half man outside the fence?
Whenever I'm petrified, I either cry or sing.
What I don't understand is whether someone was trying to kill Jenny... or whether someone was trying to kill Jenny because she was with you.
How the hell are you going to give it to me in public?
What the hell am I supposed to do now?
You start trouble, and I start bleeding.
He took six pills in one hour, instead of one every four hours.
Killed the pain all right, but he almost died.
Careful of my vitals.
What the hell were you doing diving there?
What do you mean, if anything happens to you?
What's the matter, Maria?
You sound sort of peculiar.
Life is more terrifying and more mysterious.
Let me out, or I'll kill myself.
The beast is at the gates!
That's two accidents in a week.
Calder, you're asking me to make a total commitment of men and money on the basis of a hunch.
They're gonna get nervous.
'We found the bomb.
For God's sake, be careful.
I have a terrible feeling he cut off my head.
You injured your knee in a game.
You're turning into a zombie.
Nothing wild, right?
Oh, shit, he's here.
I ended up in the hospital.
We're gonna freeze to death.
Somebody help me.
My husband will kill me when he finds out.
Somebody threw a fucking tyre chain, hit him right in the mouth.
This kid has taken a savage beating.
That is a very deep cut.
They see violence, they'll become violent.
They're burying' us alive!
What am I gonna do when she has a baby?
Drive carefully!
Everything's going so fast, man!
Don't, I've got things in my mouth!
Get it through your head, or you and me are both gone too.
His plane could be late!
Careful, that's hot!
You know how much money you're gonna lose in a strike?
Watch it, it's still wet.
Don't burn yourself, Mishka.
Nobody better have a cold.
I can't trust nobody.
That's gonna be hard.
You think Madison's gonna buy that?
Didn't I tell ya some day he'd turn on ya?
Am I a criminal for that?
Isn't Leonardo's death enough?
I couldn't hate you, so my hatred turned into an insane fear.
We may have another shark problem.
Are they all shark victims?
It's a big mistake.
We'll make it to Budapest if you're not careful!
Help!
It's a shark!
Something must have scared him.
They can't fire both of us, right?
Do something!
Get me out of here!
Get the hell up because I'm out here alone.
A boy is dead and my son and husband are still out there.
Oh, God, please help.
Please help us.
We're begging.
Please save us.
Larry, are we going to make it to the island?
I think we're stuck.
She's hysterical, beating...
Don't do it!
Look out!
Don't embarrass me in front of Dave.
I won't go schizo, will I?
They're going to nail us, no matter what we do.
What are we going to do?
I'll get in trouble!
That could take years... cost millions of lives.
Officer, please, for God's sake, they're looting the Food King!
You're going to protect me?
Are you trying to kill me?
Ivo, I warn you.
That puts quite a burden on the company.
I wouldn't want to face it.
There was the explosion in Chile.
I was afraid Hans Bergmann might have stolen the suitcase.
So my father was murdered.
Don't you realise that I don't have that sort of money?
Your client knows that if I go to jail, he and his friends will go with me.
A river patrol just fished a girl out of the water.
And whoever it was tried to murder me, too.
So you can see Charles is deep in trouble.
It's something I couldn't discuss with anyone.
Now, that was probably a mistake because now you're in danger anyway.
If I go, you'll ruin me.
Is anybody hurt?
We were a bit worried about you.
That storm is pretty bad.
Don't look down!
He's gonna kill you!
He's the fox in the henhouse!
Liz, be careful!
Liz, don't go to him!
You're contaminated.
It felt like an earthquake.
We have an emergency.
We could have been killed.
We're not going to risk a massive lawsuit.
But the water was dangerously low?
He's going to get us into trouble.
Was the public in danger as a result of the accident?
I hope Jacovich isn't watching.
What do we do in case of an accident?
How can we be absolutely sure the waste disposal is taken care of?
A vast area would be uninhabitable, with many cancer cases later.
Herman, we've got a serious problem.
I am also concerned about the misinformation about nuclear waste.
Please hurry.
Someone's tampering with the security circuits.
We've managed to keep it quiet, but if anyone knows, there'll be a SWAT team here.
I can't take responsibility for this.
Are we in danger?
But in fact the level was dangerously low.
There's something very wrong here.
It could get you in trouble.
These are strange times, my friend.
They have a craving for human flesh.
Perseus is moving into danger.
One look from the head of Medusa can turn all creatures into stone.
And her blood is a deadly venom.
Deadly and poisonous.
I'm so afraid for you.
We're going to be killed!
I was shot up pretty bad.
Get me out of here.
If we screw up graduation, we'll have to take basics all over again.
There's something wrong with us, something very, very wrong with us.
Something seriously wrong with us.
Oh, he's hurt!
We're so damn lost.
Look, in what I do, there are sometimes pressures.
You don't know from one day to the next... whether you're going to be killed, go home, or get busted.
Do you think it's an epidemic like the flu?
Shit's gonna hit the fan.
As long as they're not dead...
I hate to do this, but I think we better get him to a hospital.
Something's wrong here.
We may have made a mistake.
What's it gonna cost me?
I can see panicked citizens taking to the streets if this gets out.
Call the police.
Mom, you must have had a bad dream, that's all.
We've gotta get the kids!
Then I think you need to see a doctor.
But when men who aren't actually there have intercourse with you, it is time to see a good psychiatrist.
In the meantime, I'll be dead.
Mommy, what happened to your hand?
He'll kill me if he has to.
You're running the risk of harming your children.
Isn't it possible that some sort of external intelligence, some discarnate entity, has crossed into our plane of existence?
Do you know, for a second you had me worried?
No, the flight must be stopped.
Father, I've led such a sinful life.
My career will be ruined.
Don't come apart on me now.
Then I guess it's in God's hands now.
And you must trust me when I say it's likely we're all going to die.
When that bomb blows, we'll lose our oxygen fast.
Still love me?
Your boy is sicker than we know.
It might get infected.
You're liable to get caught.
There's something terrible happening in there.
Charlie, there is no time.
And I felt real scared, Savannah.
This girl's been in an accident, Marcy.
Charlie, please don't go.
I'd like to know why I'm being shot.
He got wounded somewhere in Tennessee, and they sent him home.
How can I sleep when they stole my children?
What happens to us now?
Oh, God, we thought they'd killed you.
The cops are all over the place.
Then the Leonov and everybody in it could be destroyed.
If I give them any trouble, they cut me.
I'd be too scared to do it.
He was killed.
Read what the critics say... wonderful!
I just thought I'd drop by and cheer you up a bit.
I'm feeling fine this morning.
You're becoming more beautiful every day.
Well, it's a nice morning, gentlemen.
You don't know how much satisfaction it's been to me.
It's been swell.
That's good.
I love you anyway.
Sure, you're fine, you've got plenty.
Somebody must be in good humour.
But it's wonderful.
It's wonderful.
I thought she was splendid.
That's fascinating.
You're funny.
You're attractive enough to be anything.
You're pretty enough to do other things.
That's lovely.
That must have been very nice.
You're so beautiful.
I've never seen anything in my life as beautiful as you are.
We have a lot of good connections in England.
I was little, slim, but hard as a diamond.
That's sweet.
Beautiful morning.
I shall dance, and you'll be with me.
Just to tell you that I'm happy.
That was lovely.
That's very interesting.
For the first time in my life, I'm happy.
I'm my own master... for the first time in my life.
It's wonderful and sweet champagne!
They're having a nice little game up there with that telephone.
Wonderful, my dear fellow.
Only two months' treatment, and I'm a well man.
It's pleasant to see everything so prosperous with you here.
Arabella dear, have a nice holiday in England.
You love me, don't you?
Lord Willoughby, she loves me!
David thinks he's such a nice dog.
I love you.
You're absolutely wonderful.
The boy has loads of charm, Father.
Mother, you'd love him.
I like your tie, too.
Well, Julia seems divinely happy.
Now, don't worry, darling, we understand perfectly.
My dear, he is attractive, isn't he?
Not a bad family to marry into.
We've heard such wonderful things about you.
The more you find out about us Setons, the more impressive we become.
I thought you might want a little cheering up.
We've had wonderful times, we three.
In appreciation of your great success in the fields of love and finance I wish to congratulate you on behalf of the members of the Fifth Avenue Anti-Stuffed Shirt and Flying Trapeze Club.
Linda, you're so sweet.
That must be good.
Sure, but that's good, too.
I love the boy, Neddie.
An event which doubles the pleasure I take in wishing you and them a most happy and prosperous New Year.
I'm so happy for you.
Your daughter's getting prettier every day, John.
I never can make up my mind which of you is the handsomest.
Scarlett, you're so sweet to worry about Ashley like this for me.
Well, then I shall value it all the more.
Oh, I'm so glad.
You look good enough to eat, and prosperous.
It's good to see home folks.
I don't suppose it looks like much to a lady... but I can't help being proud of it.
This sure is a happy day to me.
She has such a beautiful mouth too.
You act mighty happy this morning.
And who's the happy father?
Miss Scarlett's feeling a heap better today, Mr. Rhett.
Just to sit here with him is a very great honour for me.
We are happy to take this opportunity...
Diz, you're a wonderful egg.
I'm very happy to know you, sir.
I don't think I've ever been so thrilled in my life.
That Miss Susan Paine is about the prettiest girl I ever did see.
Glad to see you.
Swell!
Isn't that wonderful, father?
He's a wonderful man.
Isn't that wonderful?
Isn't it marvellous?
Here's to bigger and better dopes.
It's a good idea.
Boy, you should have been there.
They've done pretty well by you.
He thinks the world of me.
Seemed like a nice fellow.
A man I've admired and worshipped all my life.
Now you're talking.
This is the miracle I wanted.
Terrific!
It is the most spectacular thing in the Senate annals.
There's no place out there for graft or greed or lies, or compromise with human liberties.
Great principles don't get lost once they come to light.
I loved you for it, just as my father did.
That's very good.
Our worries are over.
Darling, you're so good to me.
I had the pleasure of meeting you in your beautiful shop.
I was admiring the platinum watch with the diamond numbers.
Glorious, aren't they?
At any rate, gentlemen, a charming, exquisite woman.
The fashions this spring are very becoming to her.
Now this is a fine thing.
The last mass trials were a great success.
Nothing's happened recently to shake my self-confidence.
I love Russians.
I'm glad I saw it before becoming extinct.
But you must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles.
It's such a pleasant little place.
Glad you told me.
You are the most incredible creature I've ever met.
I mean a laugh from the heart.
Here's a great one.
It's good, isn't it?
Isn't that amazing?
A wonderful idea.
I wake up in the middle of the night and laugh at them.
She's very attractive.
She has great elegance.
Isn't it divine?
I wouldn't have missed this for anything.
I bought him the loveliest little sweater as a reward.
He looks like a little boulevardier.
To the loveliest story I ever heard.
Everything is so wonderful.
The good people of France!
I love you, my little Leonitchka.
Much happier.
Yes, it was wonderful.
I'm in love, Swana.
They must have wonderful materials to make a thing like this.
Look how nicely she has arranged the table.
Isn't that wonderful?
Just see how happy the people look from here.
Isn't it wonderful?
We have a wonderful electric sign:
I most certainly do love her.
Enjoy with me The pleasures here above
Oh, and he's handsome too, no doubt.
You're young and strangely sweet.
But before that I wrote him lovingly many times.
It has a wonderful ring.
That is my greatest and most enduring love.
There's the finest deerskin jacket I've ever seen.
We can relax now.
It's nice.
Mint juleps always make me sing.
A toast to where we girls was born:
There's a lovely fire in the living room.
Time could not mar the perfect symmetry of those walls.
I was in a shop once, and I saw a postcard with a beautiful house on it, right by the sea.
We're lucky not to be home during the bad weather, aren't we?
She was the beautiful Rebecca Hildreth, you know.
You got on rather well with him, didn't you?
How perfectly lovely.
You're very much in love with Maxim, aren't you?
That's very sweet of you.
Kindliness and sincerity, and if you'll forgive me, modesty, mean more to a husband than all the wit and beauty in the world.
You look lovely, lovely.
Now, isn't that a charming invitation?
It's been fun meeting you.
That's very sporting of you.
Loveliest room you've ever seen.
Oh, well, that's a splendid idea, Mrs. Danvers.
I say, what a jolly idea.
Rather like a picnic, isn't it?
Your wife was a wonderful woman, Mr. De Winter.
Now Max and that dear little bride of his will be able to stay on at Manderley and live happily ever after.
At least you'll find English hospitality better than they found Spanish.
In the garden of a convent in Peru, there's a beautiful statue.
And a right good one.
That's wonderful.
Well, that's as good a way to go through life as any other, isn't it?
Thank goodness.
He's doing fine.
You feel better, Max?
That's great.
Well, I'm pleased to have seen you again, Mr. Jordan.
Well, ain't that good?
I guess Pearl was about the prettiest, with all that long, yellow hair.
That's a sign you must be pretty happy.
Probably I'm prejudiced, but it seems to me that Susie is a pretty cute young lady.
And there's nobody to tell me that the results are anything but brilliant, so I live in a comfortable glow of self-appreciation.
That's nice.
It gives you a good feeling when you can help somebody.
She went straight to the local sheriff, who, fortunately, happened to be a particularly good friend of ours.
Bathing suits looked awfully funny 100 years ago.
Oh, you're really a much better dancer.
Well, young man, you seem to be enjoying yourself.
It's a great philosophy.
Oh, it's such a beautiful statue.
glad to see you're out of jail.
It's certainly a pleasure to see you.
I don't know much about him, but I'd say he has good taste.
She sure makes this old saloon smell nice!
I'm sure you'll be glad to know that law and order has come to Nome.
You couldn't have timed it better.
I did that beautifully, didn't I?
Just what we been waitin' for.
Something ya got for Christmas?
I got myself a date.
Handy little thing, isn't it?
My, we're a jolly crew, aren't we?
Brought about by what is know as "the miracle of love".
A made-to-order paradise.
I'm satisfied to be the father.
I'd give you a kiss right now, but I'm afraid I'll ruin my makeup.
I'll never forget how I laughed when I saw you as Kiki.
In the final analysis, all we're trying to do is create a happy world.
May I say, my dear Colonel, that it's good to breathe the air of the Gestapo again.
In this business, one should joke a little.
This is good whiskey, we got it on a raid.
Now we'll have good weather for the bridge.
God, that was lucky I could make her go.
You know, I never did mind being around you, Mildred.
Wally, you're wonderful!
It feels wonderful!
I'm so glad to see you.
They're lovely.
Look at those darling dogs.
Do you know, you were pretty cute in there today, my little.
It's very pretty.
Pretty fresh.
I'm relaxed.
That was a good one.
Must be a beautiful horse.
It is a wonderful woman.
It was well and nothing could change it.
I am glad you are better.
I look good in a mink coat, honey.
Hey, you're looking good.
That's just what we want him to think.
Wonderful chef.
You've had good news for the last 12 years.
I like your tailor.
Now tell me you're glad to see me.
It's admirable.
That was pretty fancy wrestling, kid.
Here's to us, top of the world.
It looks very nice on you.
Sometimes cheap perfume can be very exciting.
My, what a pretty place!
She's got many men in her life, and they take her to lots of different clubs.
He looks like a bronzed Apollo.
It was nice of you to break your date.
I was smart.
But I'm very happy to have met you.
I love him that way.
I've never been happier in my life.
You certainly picked a wonderful spot.
I'm sure glad we've run into you.
Steve, you want a laugh?
Why, this was given to me by a very dear friend.
My dear child, there are many good books in this world without pictures.
Nothing's impossible.
The day is warm and bright
The sea is nice, take my advice
I think she's pretty.
How cheerfully he seems to grin
I have improved it.
I am exactly three inches high and it is a very good height indeed!
Oh, what a delightful child.
That was lovely.
I know I speak for my entire radio audience when I express my great admiration for both of you.
As he waves to the crowd, you can hear the tremendous cheer!
So after 129 hours of being buried alive, at last, freedom seems in sight.
She's an awful sweet little thing.
Running up stairs keeps my legs slim.
That's just wonderful!
I was so proud.
Remember how white and fluffy she used to be after I gave her a bath?
I hear you get a nice pension from the government after 20 years.
I'm glad to help.
She said she thought it was very thoughtful of me.
Turk's going to help with my chemistry.
They always behave so nice, Doc.
If he likes running his fingers through my hair, well, why not?
He's perfect.
There isn't a cloud in sight.
Your dinner smells good.
That's a beautiful dress.
Marie was so excited about your coming.
Marie says very nice things about you in her letters.
Mrs Delaney has fixed the grandest dinner.
I always think candlelight's so romantic.
Marie wrote something awful nice.
A lovely shade of green!
They liked each other immediately and got married,
How beautiful they are
Every dog I ever knew seemed to have a very nice life indeed.
Isn't she pretty?
I'm sure I can do it.
The loveliest lady I've ever seen.
It's just as it should be.
That's what makes it so good afterwards.
They were wonderful.
The cobbler who fixed my shoes so beautifully yesterday.
Tell the cobbler I am delighted to have it.
The best in town!
I'm delighted.
I am a swan!
No two people have ever been so in love
It looks lovely to me, Céline.
I can hardly ever remember the audience being so excited.
Did you tell him what a great success it was?
She danced like an angel.
I could cover you with kisses.
It's a beautiful story, whatever the reason.
Sit down and relax, and... be brilliant.
Doctor, X-58 seems to be a success.
That's our favourite song.
Edwina, we've discovered something the human race has been searching for since the beginning of time.
This is our song.
This is our honeymoon night, and that's all I care to think about.
A drink comes in pretty handy sometimes.
I carried you in here when you were a baby.
Not a care in the world.
It's a pleasure, I assure you, Tammy.
Comes up smelling' like a rose every time.
Cheerful sort of a bloke.
Oh, you little beauty!
I like him.
How fortunate we are to have Keller with us.
We're free.
You are so good.
Fantastic, isn't it?
It was a good party, wasn't it?
I love you, Michael.
I've always been in love with you.
Of course, you know that the first thing is to fall in love.
That night, we went dancing.
You think of yourself and the one you're in love with.
I was free.
I like that Dr. Forrester.
He's a good man.
He liked you.
Lisa's loaded to her fingertips with love for you.
At least you can't say the dinner isn't right.
Lisa, it's perfect.
Well, if there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.
He likes the way his wife welcomes him home.
I can't tell you what a welcome sight this is.
No wonder your husband still loves you.
It's utterly beautiful.
There's something, and if I'm right, I think I've solved a murder.
Diamonds in your hair, rubies on your fingers.
Except you'll look better in 'em.
Won it in a stud game.
He'll be all right.
Glad you reminded me.
You're a fine shot.
I know a little about everything.
You get your belly full of food, and you're a lover.
I think he believed me at last.
You can get brave any time you feel like it.
Pretty good chow.
Sweetie, you get the pleasure.
You ought to see him dance.
I can do anything.
Nice family you got here.
Well, this is more like it.
Have fun, sweetie?
I like the feel of it, Griffin.
That's more like it.
Glad to see you.
I'm glad you said that.
In other words, it doesn't hurt a bit.
He'd look very picturesque in the summerhouse.
It's all right.
Yes, he loves you.
But with a nice sort of craziness.
Brilliant, brother, brilliant.
You have a very nice little boy, madame.
The Ambassador too would be delighted.
How very nice to see you.
That's nice.
Sure, everybody would prosper.
Well, that's very thoughtful of you.
This is real nice.
With a little money, you can get almost anything.
Here's good news for you bachelors.
We ought to take advantage of every moment.
Don't you think that life should be gay and bright and bubbly, like champagne?
I like pink champagne.
Well, it was nice, wasn't it?
You must have had a happy childhood.
I suppose they were all in love with you.
It turned out beautifully, didn't it?
Well, you can always take long walks in the sunshine.
If it's so beautiful down there, why...
What a divine place.
You have the most beautiful place here.
But it's very good!
He is very talented.
It has been such a tremendous excitement for me, this visit.
When he was a small boy, he charmed us all with his piano playing.
But when I see you with him, I feel better.
Let's make the most of it.
I'm so glad to see you.
It's wonderful to have you back.
It's for a good cause.
You must have had some wonderful experiences in Europe.
Isn't that extraordinary?
My friend, I'm a happy man.
This is my last night, so I would love to sing a song for you that is very close to my heart.
This is adorable.
I really hope you find happiness, and if you're ever in need of anything, like someone to love, don't hesitate to call me.
She seems nice.
I'm so happy to see you.
You haven't wasted your time, Nickie.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm not exactly ashamed of that one myself.
It was a pleasure.
This is your evening.
Oh, is this the breathtaking view?
Isn't that wonderful?
It was the nearest thing to heaven.
When a man gives a gift from the goodness of his heart like you gave me that butt, I remember it from the heart.
Be happy in your work.
You see, Jennings, there are certain advantages to being on the sick list.
As part of this amnesty it will not be necessary for officers to do manual labour.
It's essential that they take pride in their job.
Jolly good.
It's wonderful stuff.
You don't realise what a plum you are for us.
Oh, very good!
You're lovely.
This is your friendliest enemy reminding you to take it easy and never volunteer for anything.
Sir, I was the best swimmer in my course.
I wouldn't have had it any other way.
Here in the wilderness you have turned defeat into victory.
You see how much we accomplish when you appear?
Wonderful!
That's great.
The man you love more than anyone is inside the church waiting for you.
Such a beautiful bride.
I'm sure that in all America there's no empathicalist as charming as you.
We're fortunate to have found out these things now.
Why, we's the two most friendly vibrations you ever seen.
Oh, Dick, she was just great!
Looks like a nice day, huh?
Here is one of the greatest attractions you'll ever see in your born days!
Here they are in all their glory!
Oh, Scott, for people like you and me the world can be a wonderful place.
That night I got a grip on life again.
And with the telling, it became easier.
All I know is I can wake up in the morning and want to live again.
Yet somehow I felt within myself a new source of power.
Yes, smaller than the smallest, I meant something too.
How lucky you lawyers are.
I think it's a splendid idea.
She's a wonderful wife to me, too.
Well, now, there's a lovable chap.
You're getting the deluxe treatment.
That's perfectly all right.
Isn't that an intriguing challenge?
There's hope that we'll both survive.
It's rather funny.
I'm good at it.
It was wonderful.
That's much better.
She loves us very much.
A very enthusiastic pupil!
We're on holiday.
How romantic.
I think that's a splendid idea.
It's not exactly the Ritz, but it's peaceful and quiet.
Weather conditions have improved tremendously over the mainland, so you won't have any trouble seeing the target.
We had a good time.
This is better, it's made out of real cotton.
You think I'm beautiful?
I think you're perfect.
I'm a good pilot.
He was nice.
They send me home a hero and I say wonderful things about them back in the States.
If he made it, so can I!
Things usually change for the better.
Pretty good shooting, young fella.
John, that's very generous of you.
It wasn't because there weren't women that stirred my blood.
Isn't that her dancing with that nice-looking young fellow over there?
Fine-looking couple, John.
It's good coffee.
The Sheriff's charming.
There's a lot of charming people hereabouts, Pat.
I hit where I aim.
We brought enough beef for White Buffalo's people to get by.
Glad to have you with us, Big Casino.
For a boy, it was a kind of paradise.
My heart soars like a hawk.
No, I'm glad to meet your daughter.
There's no happiness like it.
That soda shop was something.
In fact, I admire the style of you.
I'm pleased to meet you.
My son, to see you again causes my heart to soar like a hawk.
I couldn't take my eyes off of that girl and her baby.
That may be, but my wife, she's a very good one.
You see what a good wife she is?
It's because I'm a wonderful lover.
Glad you liked it, Grandfather.
But I just laughed and begged them to keep on doing it!
You see, my new, beautiful wife is violently jealous.
It took me seven years, but I got him!
It would have been deliciously wicked.
He goes to dance his joy.
I am glad to see you.
Hurry, it's lovely up here
I make flowers grow.
What a glorious day it was.
That's very funny.
Say we'll be happier there than ever.
Happier than we've ever been, yes.
All right, is that a beautiful city or what?
As I said, it's nothing fancy, but it's clean.
You're the first good thing that's happened to us.
That'll be nice.
You're lucky.
I can throw this knife pretty good.
Good to see you.
There's no hard feelings between us.
I'm glad you joined us when you did.
You're comfortable.
Best news I heard all year.
That don't stop me from taking a saintly pleasure when I get a chance.
They're harmless, friendly, and, by all reports, extremely intelligent and sophisticated.
We are happy to be here.
We came to love him.
Very good!
Soothing.
That's great, eh?
I had a terrific time but I'm going home.
Ladies, it's OK with me.
And we are now beautiful.
Very nice, Señor Marlowe.
You done real fine.
Your mama was fine.
Cold or not, it's good to be back in Manhattan.
I've had a lot of fun, Don, I saw some shows, went to nightclubs.
You look real nice in that ribbon.
Then I danced in tuscaloosa and the Mayor said the nicest things about me.
We're on vacation.
They ain't bad for waffles.
Yes, sir, that is some good joke.
Got all the time in the world.
Before you know it, we'll be good again.
Looks nice.
Say, I understand those Mexican señoritas are still pretty as ever down there.
Give him a good laugh.
That's the fairest drink of whiskey you'll ever throw lip over, boy.
Ain't no harm in being sociable.
You and McLeod make two nice goddesses.
I know a place that does a good breakfast.
I love you, Cross.
Moscow is nice in the spring.
I like street cats.
I wanted to buy you something lovely and exotic.
Used to go out on double dates together.
This, you would buy at a store and take it to a party if you wanted to get big laughs.
It's wonderful.
That was wonderful.
I had such a good time.
It's like spending a weekend in Beverly Hills.
After you've moved into your permanent home, you'll enjoy mechanised servants.
I think you really love me.
She has a lovely time.
Personally, I think it makes a very lovely transmutation.
That's more like it!
I love the moment of their death, when I am one with Zardoz.
Zardoz is pleased.
You look lovely.
Nice to see you again, Joseph.
On the way home we did loop-the-loops so that I could see the moon upside down.
Hey, I love you.
That's a nice guitar.
We're safe from all kinds of birdies.
You're doing just fine, honey.
That's good.
Doesn't look like there's any other damage.
You're doing great.
We love you.
I knew we'd be all right.
Father, make us truly humble and thankful... for these and all the other blessings.
You make me laugh.
Just sit back there, relax, and enjoy life.
Because he was a great kisser.
Now you got money in the bank and a faithful husband.
I really like your singing.
First, I want a big smile.
Very nice.
That's wonderful, darling.
I like her.
I love you.
This is very kind of you, Mr. Harrison.
Hey, Jessica, that's fantastic.
A lot of fun you are.
It's real nice, you know.
Harry, you got a nice shop here.
Beautiful.
I'm paralysed with happiness!
How gorgeous!
I love a persistent wall.
Well, I love a drink.
Yes, it is romantic.
They're so nice to have.
I think it's cute.
Hello, sweetheart!
It's a lovely night for the party.
Everything's fine.
I adore it!
It's delicious, Nick!
I love it!
I would wear the same gown I wore when you were my favourite beau.
Daisy, you look lovely.
I like that man, with the sort of blue nose.
You look so cool!
I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone's away.
He was in terrific condition.
That's very rewarding, believe me.
I can think of no occasion that has given me more pleasure.
You're not all together bad-lookin'.
I bet she's nice.
Hey, we got a free movie next door.
You're fun drunk.
Make you mighty happy, I bet ya.
It's a fine-lookin' picture.
I bet you're gonna get a big promotion when this thing's over.
That's real fine.
So warm, so smooth.
It is very simple.
It was a pleasure to have the general here.
One way to pleasure.
I love you!
Do you feel the ecstasy, Ilsa?
Your Majesty, being inside of your confidence... is the greatest joy I've ever known.
Oh, that's delicious.
Thank you for a lovely evening.
I can't tell you how glad I am to see you.
How very nice of you to say.
I thought he only wanted me for their sake, but... after his wife died, I realized he really does love me.
I love this guy!
And you got a lovely face.
I'm happy!
A little expensive, but lots of fun!
Did you know I used to be the 11th best fencer in Europe?
I'm pleased to be wrong.
I think it's rather sporting.
Drink to the winner!
That might be enough to win this race.
It was bloody marvellous.
I've forgotten how good a bad woman feels.
My bet says no other rider in the race will beat mine.
I knew there was treasure down here!
Aren't they wonderful?
They're very nice.
I find myself quite interesting, really.
That would be just great.
A day made for breakfast and reading the Sunday paper.
Nutritionally speaking, it is exquisite.
My sweetheart gave it to me.
Wonderful!
I'm so glad we stayed!
Time flies when you're having fun.
We've got two gold tickets!
How did you enjoy the ride?
It's good publicity.
Every player on that team thinks I'm the greatest.
I know a good bar here.
I've been sleeping with women.
Fantastic!
Here's to all that gorgeous snatch in FLA.
We are winning' the friggin' game!
That's nice.
They are so beautiful.
We won three games in a row, Reg.
We're unbeatable.
Good game tonight, guys.
Hey, that's got a nice ring to it, kid.
This young fella is in a hurry because he's got the prettiest wife you ever saw waiting'.
That was a nice tribute to the guys.
He was sensational.
If I see you in the stands, it make me feel better.
Six straight wins and a whole new rash of penalty minutes.
Hey, there's no one better than old Francine.
You look terrific.
If you did your cheekbones better, you could look like Cher.
We've been doin' real good.
Oh, that's just great, Anita!
That's very inspirational, Dave.
This is more like it.
It just makes me feel real glad to see the Chiefs back on the warpath again... to coin a phrase.
You look fabulous.
I said some bad things about the boy, but we can explain that to the exuberance and excitement of youth, because he's certainly changed his ways now.
I mean, we're a solid act, honey.
For a buck, you get a shooter, and a cigar, and a dance with the beautiful bride.
We have a winner!
You look good!
Look at the rosy cheeks.
We won, Vince.
Everybody likes ice cream.
That's very nice.
What beautiful roses.
I just love it when it's so nice and warm.
Nice meeting you.
I'm glad you came down, Max.
He has the most beautiful hands I ever saw.
You look very beautiful.
I'm pleased that we're having this closed executive session.
It's lovely.
He was kind and thoughtful and happy about my success.
We talked and joked and played chamber music.
Give me a nice big hug, like you used to when you were little.
I'd love to.
It was a gift from an admirer who said I was always late.
The performance was superb.
I was brought up with beautiful words.
Just feel how nice it is in here.
Viktor is a wonderful person.
I love you too.
She was so excited to see her mother.
I'm in love!
He's cute.
In the summertime, at sunset, the whole beach looks incredible.
It can be absolutely breathtaking.
You're drinking the good stuff.
I'm not going to say Omega's the best house on campus... but a lot of outstanding guys figure they'll pledge Omega or won't pledge at all.
Damn glad to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Fabulous.
The whole point is just to enjoy yourself.
Mr. Jennings is a wonderful teacher.
Must be very good.
So we might as well have a good time.
Great pair of togas.
What a great dress.
What a lively sense of humour.
What a good idea.
I think Frank was kind of cute.
Oh, boy, is this great!
God, it's in perfect shape.
We're rich!
Kate, it's so good to have you around.
I like that.
Excellent!
You are brilliant this morning!
Helene was a pretty good mountain climber.
Well, let's look on the bright side.
Miss Roffe, I have discovered how to retard the ageing process.
Recent results are all positive.
And we will be very, very happy and very, very rich.
You and I have had a wonderful time.
Pretty dress.
You've all won first prize.
You ought to take a few days off and go down to Sardinia.
We've come to wish you gladness.
We've come to wish you joy.
That's the kind of stuff I like.
Our ratings have gone up.
Very nice show, Kimberly.
Her visual image is perfect.
The most beautiful TV personality, Miss Kimberly Wells!
You've got great timing.
I love Detroit.
Andromeda is very beautiful.
You're beautiful.
In my mind's eyes I see three circles joined in priceless, graceful harmony.
Light has conquered darkness.
A fortunate young man.
This will make a fine heroic poem, you know.
Perseus and Andromeda will be happy together.
You still have your health.
So much fun and imagination.
Those are damn fine men.
I've never felt more alive in my whole life.
I think this is the greatest day I've ever spent.
Isn't this fun?
Sounds good.
We've been kicking ass for 200 years!
I'm looking good.
That does sound nice.
I love those guys.
Such a truck would be good for picking up girls in Minsk.
It's great to be back home.
It has a nice little ring to it, don't you think?
Good to see you.
It's nice to have somebody to say goodbye to.
The stars are secure in the firmament and the rent's paid, so all's right with the world.
She's got a great body.
Just the way I like 'em.
That's a real woman.
This is great.
It's great, Meat, it's great.
Yeah, perfect!
Isn't that pretty?
Hey, this is pretty nice, being served in my own home.
Nice and hot, just like you love it.
He loves you so much, and he absolutely dotes on the kids.
You look so pretty.
I've got some good wine.
But we have a hotplate and a well-stocked refrigerator.
How good to see you!
We had the kind of relationship where we laughed and laughed and laughed all the time.
That's a cute puppy.
Charlie, I'm in paradise.
I know you like the way I feel.
You go out on some boiling' hot day... and pick your own lettuce and tomatoes and beans and onions.
It's our new swimming pool!
I love soothing a man.
I'm glad you fellas happened along.
We just having a little fun.
Good to see you're still kicking.
The pheasant in this part of the country is extraordinary.
Well, good to see you boys made it through the war all right.
I think they call that love, little brother.
Well, that's good to hear.
They ended up having a pretty good thing.
You are all welcome to drink the bar dry.
Terrific, great, incredible
It's always nice to see you.
I'm getting richer all the time.
I like tacos and I like beer.
I loved your drawing.
It's the prettiest place on the island.
I think you're incredible.
It was just so perfect I just had to catch it.
God, I love you!
Because I always get lucky.
It's supposed to be great.
It's a good thing I'm in music instead of comedy.
I had it great.
You guys are so sweet, you know that?
I was in having a good time.
I like to watch.
The hair looks good.
Yeah, this is really beautiful.
He looked nice.
I like being with him and I like thinking about him.
They're nice.
It's nice to see you again.
Sparky looked cute.
I think I'll be just fine.
It's love at first sight.
She's a pretty little thing, isn't she?
I am content.
It must be smooth like velvet.
Yeah, she's wonderful.
I hope you have a nice stay in New York.
It is so nice to be here.
So, I guess I was the lucky one.
I think she's great.
She's fantastic.
I have wonderful news for you.
I think it was fun and sexy.
Sex is good for you.
A wonderful day, I think.
Hello, sweet thing.
Boy, I feel great.
Peaceful up here, in't it?
Oh, do you know, I love it this time of year with spring coming on.
It is a happy occasion.
Well, I'm happy, anyway.
We're celebrating.
Actually, you could wear Medusa's snakes and still look good.
This is so great.
That was incredible.
Isn't this just fabulous?
Don't worry about me.
I love you.
Beautiful.
That's good.
What's the use of getting excited, Cluett?
Well, I'd begun to feel that I didn't have any part in your life, that I was an outsider.
Nothing ever happens.
Last night was not so good.
I haven't any friends, Kringelein.
I wish I were free tonight.
I've slaved in that man's factory for years and years.
I can't dance tonight.
Everything is cold and finished.
They hold together and bring me bad luck.
Poor child.
I don't think I'll be able to join you fellows after all.
I want to be alone.
I just want to be alone.
They didn't miss me at all.
Please don't cry anymore.
You must forgive me.
I've had a very trying evening.
So alone.
But I want to be alone.
I really belong in jail.
I'd give my soul to go, but I can't.
I feel rather sorry for him, don't you?
I am away, sick.
You don't like to see me enjoying myself.
I'm sick.
Time drags when you're tired.
My wife, poor girl.
I won't live long.
I'm sorry.
He spares us the mercifully quick extinction of the hangman's rope... and gives the slow death of slavery.
What a cruel shame that any man is made to suffer so.
I'm a sick man.
I am defeated.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Yes, it'll be a pity if this doesn't come off, too.
How sad.
He wasn't much good, though.
Julia was a girl and it seemed hopeless.
Poor boy.
Poor girl.
Poor lamb.
Why do you want to shut me out in the cold like this?
And you've been resenting me.
I'm so ashamed.
Because it seems so hopeless, is that it?
I'll miss that man.
I seem to be spoiling everybody's brandy and cigars... and dreams of victory.
That kind of love isn't enough for two people as different as we are.
Then there's nothing left for me.
I was so miserable at the thought of you in trouble.
I was too late.
Don't drink alone.
I ought never to have married Frank.
He was Suellen's beau, and he loved her, not me.
Melly'd be so disappointed if you weren't surprised.
As long as you're here, let me show you the books... so you can see how bad a businessman I am.
That girl doesn't exist anymore.
It drags at your heart till... you can't do anything but look back.
You wouldn't have come if you thought I was here.
Well, this misery in my back... ain't so good.
Thank you, but I wouldn't dream of disgracing the family with a divorce.
I was crazy with jealousy.
She's never cared for me.
I tried to make her care, but I couldn't.
And I'm thinking that, well... maybe the mill's taking you away from me and Bonnie.
I'm going to jump.
Oh, Mammy, this house won't seem the same without Bonnie.
What that child got to stand, the good Lord give her strength to stand.
But you had to wait till now, now when Melly's dying... to show me that I could never mean any more to you... than this Watling woman does to Rhett.
And I've loved something that doesn't really exist.
Why, her last words were about you.
I'm leaving you, my dear.
You think that by saying, "I'm sorry," all the past can be corrected.
He probably doesn't remember me.
Yes, Ma found him slumped over his desk that morning...
I don't think even that would do it.
I'm very sorry about that, Miss...
I'm awfully sorry.
We can't do this to him!
Seems a shame to part company after all these years.
I was hoping you'd be spared all this.
Faced with that... regardless of my personal feelings for the boy, my sense of duty told me that his expulsion from the Senate was the only possible answer.
I yielded once before and was practically never heard of again.
A guy like me should never be allowed to get in here in the first place!
I can't stand to see him hurt.
Imagine, an important part of my life wasted between whistles.
A Parisian only goes to the Tower in moments of despair to jump off.
You hurt his feelings.
They are the tears of Old Russia.
Things like this create a bad feeling.
How can you forget yourselves this way?
Nobody comes, nobody pays any attention.
You, too, think I am too old, too ugly for a man to look upon with love.
Why are you crying, Mistress Margaret?
But I was crying because I....
A queen has no hour for love.
Why didn't you write to me?
You must love someone else.
It's as empty as ashes.
I'll never see you again.
He never wanted me.
Can we ever believe again?
You poor child.
No, you have never loved me.
This dying sticks in my mind and makes me poor company.
But that's another story, and a very unpleasant one, too.
He's a poor boy.
I dig and dig, and the hole gets no bigger.
Let's keep this a perfect memory... and someday this bitter ache shall pass, my sweet.
But now, I don't suppose I shall ever see it again.
She was drowned, poor dear, while she was sailing near Manderley.
I suppose he just can't get over his wife's death.
I wish I were a woman of 36, dressed in black satin with a string of pearls.
We're going now, and I was afraid I wouldn't see you again.
I've been crying all morning because I thought I'd never see you again.
She'll never come back no more.
It was horrible for him.
I'm awfully sorry, darling.
Happiness is something I know nothing about.
There was nothing that could be done for her, except wait.
I have but one life... and that life is all too short for me to fulfill that destiny.
What I feel towards you I'll have to feel for the rest of my life.
Looks like the Lord sends me about every misery he can think of just to try my soul.
I never see anything happen.
It adds a few miles to our trip, but somehow I've become a little sentimental.
People used to stop on the street to admire me.
I hated to do anything that might get you into trouble.
I don't wanna see you split up.
I'm an old man who will live until I die.
She was a prisoner as I was, and he just heard that she's dead.
You mean, Dad's not coming home anymore?
I wish it made me feel good too.
You don't care whether I live or die.
Simply no use trying.
Toad's friends tried to help him, but were always blocked.
Unhappy Brom, already bested at every turn, saw himself once more outmatched.
College degree, lovable personality... and I spend most of my time in prison.
I know how you feel, but don't ask me to do anything that'll break my heart.
We were almost there and now all this is going to hold us up.
But when you worry, darkness does something to you.
I'm sorry I snapped at you.
Is it that you think it'll be better for... for all of us if you go away?
There must be something I can do.
Yes, I was always afraid as a child.
It wouldn't have worked.
I was hoping for a miracle, and it didn't happen.
I shouldn't have hit Mel, shouldn't have picked up the telephone...
I want you to know how sorry I am I had to put you through this.
I'm tired of being only three inches high.
I wonder if I'll ever get the knack of it.
Now, then I find myself in Albuquerque with no money.
Looks like it's gonna be a long night.
I'm afraid we must go, dear.
I don't think anything we can do would be of the slightest use.
Sometimes I think you don't even know I live here.
He lost all his patients, he didn't wanna go to the office.
I just meant he didn't care for me.
I used to be popular, wasn't I, Doc?
Maybe you're sorry you married me now, Doc.
I don't want to fight.
I'm awfully unhappy, Mom.
You're all I ever had.
I don't think Little Sheba's ever coming back, Doc.
I guess she's gone for good.
Are you all alone in there?
She's very unhappy.
I was almost in tears.
I'm sorry about the shoes.
I'll have to write it all over again.
It hurts me when people laugh at you.
Even when we rehearsed it, I felt something sad and tender.
That I knew how miserable you were with him?
Well, no wonder you're worn out.
Now I know how a poor little guinea pig must feel.
I've got bad news for you, GJ.
I wish I had a nickel.
Why can't I play with you?
Oh, my poor husband.
I'd only mess that up too.
No one can help me.
You will hate me now.
It breaks my heart.
But he's dead.
Willy, don't look so unhappy.
It's too late to think of him.
It was our last evening together.
That was the night Michael went away.
I didn't want to hear about the war.
But the war had changed him.
I didn't see him again for five years.
There's nothing we can do.
There's been enough bloodshed already.
I have no close folks.
There's nobody left around here now.
She's kind of lost.
We were all praying for a miracle.
Yeah, I sure feel sorry for you, Gunnison.
It hurts a little.
You won't stay here, and I can't go with you.
Oh, him and his wife splitting up?
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run.
How far does a girl have to go before you'll notice her?
Yet neither the husband or anybody else has been in to see her all day.
Yeah, I'm afraid it is, Tess.
He's probably walking around here, lost.
What makes you think he'll listen to me?
I mean that all my life I've been nothing.
You don't want us to drink ourselves to sleep.
We're all alone in this.
Ellie, how long has it been since I said I love you?
He didn't look well last night.
You have our deepest sympathy.
This has been a terrible shock to them.
Can't you see how upset I am about my poor uncle's death?
Felix, I have the most terrible news for you.
He's all tired out, though, the poor little guy.
How awful.
Poor Paul.
I wouldn't want him to think I'm not sympathetic.
That's no way to remember him.
You mean you don't love him anymore?
Now I've really lost her.
If I'd only figured it out before maybe we wouldn't have been trapped down here.
In the end, we would be masters of a wrecked and hungry planet.
She would be pained to hear you say that.
My heart is yours, Paris, but I can never be.
It seems I try to do the impossible.
My heart behaved like a fool.
I am the slave sent to the Prince of Troy.
Helen, you are a slave as long as Menelaus possesses you.
To think of her struggles, her fruitless cries for help.
It's terrible that bad things happen, and all we do is stand by and watch.
He had to say goodbye to one of us and that's too bad.
You must get lonely.
Now what good is all that?
Sorry more people weren't there to hear it.
You know I've never been able to give you very much.
How could you speak of love to me, say the things you did, and you about to be married.
I'm not very good at that.
Sounds awful, doesn't it?
Oh, I am sorry.
That seems a pity.
This is awful.
Perhaps I shouldn't have met him.
I wish I could share your confidence.
This is dreadful!
It's going to be a long night.
Remind me to ask you later why your kisses don't seem quite the same.
Well, you're so much stronger than I am.
You were getting over your broken heart.
It's pretty rough.
Why won't you let me help you?
Then if you did get me well and I went to him, you wouldn't like it.
Children, I have bad news for you.
I think the least people could do is to say they're sorry, or... something.
I'm sorry I don't have one for you.
I would have sent it to you, but I didn't know your address until today.
It was nobody's fault but my own.
May he rest in peace.
Then there were some who just got tired of living.
Don't bother about me.
As for me, I'm just a slave.
Three men killed, and to what end?
The doc just looked at us and shook his head.
I was not a good artist.
I don't want to discourage--
You'll go on without me.
I'm sorry if I spoiled a print.
I'm afraid it's all my fault.
I behaved abominably.
I'm hurt and...
We've been working too hard.
I'm afraid I've disappointed you.
Tell them it was all my fault.
I told you, you're probably overworking yourself.
You told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
This has been a long week, Dr. Bramson.
I must have worn out your machine.
It's gone now and I just can't afford to send you your pay cheques any more.
But really, was there any choice?
We owed a great deal of money and I had no job.
Yes, I guess it's been a nightmare for you too.
Maybe we've forgotten how to hope.
It's all over, Scott.
I'm sorry, maybe you don't want any company.
Yeah, I'd like to burn it out of my mind.
I wish I could believe that.
Heaven knows how she lived through those weeks.
My return to consciousness was a plunge into a new level of pain.
Charlie, have you thought how horrible it must have been?
I just keep thinking that he needed me and I wasn't there.
This time, in sight of my goal, it seemed as if I must meet defeat.
Like myself, it struggled blindly for the means to live.
Well, if it's anyone's fault, I expect it's mine.
Well, it can't be helped now.
In jail for years and they suddenly found it was another chap.
I haven't had a job in four months.
I was window-shopping in Oxford Street, daydreaming about what I'd buy for her, if I had any money.
I was only trying to be nice to make her feel good.
Yes, sir, I still have the scars.
But when I told the police, I do not think they believed me.
I'm terribly sorry.
I don't know if I can afford it.
Six months ago I applied for my hearing aid, and I'm still waiting for it.
To have to hear it in installments might prove unendurable.
Oh, I'm so sorry, but we just couldn't.
Oh, it's a sad day for all of us.
But I'm gonna miss you, baby.
Doc, I don't want to fly any more.
I'm distraught to hear that.
I know how that must feel.
It gives me a terrible pain.
I'm sentimental about old people.
They probably will start crying.
He looks terrible.
What difference would it make?
He's dying.
I think I hurt him.
All the poor young girls.
It's too bad.
I guess she doesn't have nowhere else to go.
Lincoln just ain't the same no more.
You ain't got no place to go, Bonney.
Poor Caroline never did have no luck with men.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
When they looked back, they saw the body of Little Man lie down among his friends.
Grandfather, I think it's a good day to die.
Poor boy.
Poor darling.
Think of the years of suffering, deprivation and hardship among those awful savages.
The boy's doing so poor these days, why not take him along and air him?
I looked everywhere for my wife but couldn't find her.
This hurts me in my heart.
I tried one of them once, but she didn't show any enthusiasm at all.
The world was too ridiculous even to bother to live in it.
But it's sad.
They have no husbands and they cry.
You look tired, Little Big Man.
The ponies were dying.
Gentlemen, it is difficult to admit to an error.
This is a house of ill fame, and I'm a fallen flower.
That was my low.
An animal had gnawed off its own foot to escape from a trap.
I want to die in my own land, where Human Beings are buried in the sky.
Why do you want to die, Grandfather?
It makes my heart sad.
Oh, I'm awfully sorry, everybody.
About Melinda Tentrees, you told me that your husband Robert deserted you.
Melinda, I came to say goodbye.
I shall miss you too.
You don't look excited.
I didn't want you to be hungry.
I'm sorry, the coffee's gone.
It's not your fault the plane landed in Boston.
It's fine, just a little pain.
If you don't eat and sleep, you have to expect accidents like that.
I broke my heel on my shoe.
I'm in bad shape.
Sorry I was suspicious.
If I told you what we've been through...
I screamed, but no one listened.
There's not much we can do.
George, there's no point in going on.
If I could only close my eyes for a few hours.
There's someone crying.
We can't just leave him here.
I don't want to argue.
I'm sorry I can't wait here with you, but...
We buried him the next day.
I'd rather be dead.
I'm sorry, I didn't think.
I think some were stolen.
That hurts.
It's all I've got left.
You're good, but you're taking on a lot.
I didn't want him to find me.
I'm tired.
It was awful!
I was running out of things to say.
All that fighting in there wore me out.
Sunny California will not be that tomorrow.
Hundreds and thousands of them died.
We can't live with lies.
Woman's work is never done.
After all, I had caused the girl considerable discomfort.
I have too many scars.
I've had the flu.
Ma'am, I don't know how to put into words the sorrow I feel.
You don't like me, do you?
He died a week ago.
My mama's gone to the Lord.
I'm just as old as I look.
They're poorly!
You're just saying that.
They got hard times as it is.
I bet you're starving to death.
I don't wanna kill you, Bell.
Looks like it's gonna be a long night.
It's been a long year.
Gonna be some hard times coming down.
I'm sorry to hear that, Mr. Horrell.
The best died there.
That this could be the result of all I had committed my life to.
In the last century, the islanders were starving.
No wonder he's worn out.
Melancholy sight.
All my powers have gone.
We want to die!
To do this, we had to harden our hearts against the suffering outside.
I want to die.
It didn't feel to me like you were interested in talking just now.
Maybe I'm tired of one-night stands.
I wanted to let you know that the ambulance was late in getting away.
It's my fault.
I wish I could stay.
What a waste of talent.
I've been having weather problems.
The moon's out, but there are clouds around.
I guess everybody had given up hope, including the doctors.
Julio, will we be lonely tonight?
There's nothing I can do about it.
I've got a scar.
My Donald is dead.
God, forgive me.
You know, I still expect him to come home for dinner.
Don't cry.
I'm unhappy.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Sorry about your finger.
Ruby's been dead for 14 years.
You don't like me very much, do you?
This is terrible.
I lost my place.
That's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life.
I'd rather take a whipping than mend fences.
I don't feel so wonderful.
He got a little sick.
I ain't got any money.
I feel I should be doing something, but I don't know what.
I live in one room for 8 years and I'm tired of it.
I guess I'm just exhausted.
I've been taking these pills for my cold and they knock me out.
I'm trying, you know it really upsets me.
Our dog died last night, too.
I always think that he was once somebody's baby boy.
For these and all my sins of my past life, I am heartily sorry.
That's terrible.
I was very sick when I was a boy.
He died a year later.
Fifty of them froze to death in one night.
I can't stand it anymore.
My dear lost love!
But, you see, it's really his wife that's keeping them apart.
You didn't come to my wedding.
And so I turned away my head and wept.
I've been trying to find you, but...
I'm afraid I'm not a very good host.
Truth of the matter is I don't much like parties.
Then I lived in many European capitals, trying to forget something sad that happened long ago.
And then came the war.
I don't want to put you to any trouble.
When an hour alone with you was an impossibility.
They meant nothing.
Why do you stand or sit as far away from me as possible?
It makes me sad.
Breaking my heart with your impossible love!
I'd waited so long!
Daisy's leaving you.
She was very nervous when we left New York.
I've never tried to kill myself successfully.
The man ends up looking like his heart attacked him.
Sorry, Bill, I didn't mean to scare you.
They're gonna keep him in that foster home!
I tried my best to make a man out of him... but it look like I failed somewhere.
I'm just an old farm boy.
I'm sorry about this.
Berlin laughed at my theory.
You could call me a freak of nature.
The girls have so little time.
We all have to sacrifice something.
Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.
Of course it's been a great trial to your patience, Father... but think of the burden that it's been to me.
You're just being used, you know.
Bad for you, worse for me.
It was damn stupid of me, wasn't it?
It hasn't been all that pleasant for you, has it Mr. Sanders?
I don't wanna stay here without you.
The poor old governor has to go back to Madrid and live on his pension, right?
I'm too tired.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
I don't want to harm you.
Then there's no hope.
I'd rather die.
I'm sorry that I could not divulge the truth to you of all men.
I once went without food for 147 days.
I'm not at my best over the phone.
Too little, too late.
I'm too old to be traded in.
Then, one night, we were talking about how we hated the life, and how we had never done much of anything ourselves.
I don't see myself in one of those bullshit nine-to-five jobs.
Sorry about the Chiefs, Reg.
I guess this is my last season.
At my age, you gotta think about retiring.
I know all the other teams laugh at me.
In fact, we're so bad that we're disbanding.
Fuckin' wearin' me out.
You look a thousand years old.
He's sure gonna think the worst.
Let's just say I'm chickenshit.
I see 'em walking around the streets depressed all the time.
Really ashamed of myself.
How can you be so cruel and unfeeling?
We don't belong here.
Just the usual complications that's all.
He disappeared a long time ago.
I asked you to dance three times and you didn't wanna.
Are you crying?
But you look like you're more upset than that.
John, really, I was only trying to help you out, that's all.
All I wanna do is clean it up, get it right.
I must be going senile.
I can't find the right words.
Leonardo would get a shot every half hour so he could die without pain.
My back's giving me hell.
This hurts, Charlotte.
It hurts, hurts, hurts.
This strange coffee is a bore, but what can I do when I can't sleep?
It hurts, but he doesn't show it.
Erik drowned the day before his fourth birthday.
Sometimes, as I'm falling asleep I can feel him breathing on my face and touching me with his hand.
I think I'll take a nice dose of sleeping pills tonight.
I'll start weeping with self-pity any minute.
Your back prevented you from practicing six hours a day.
You hate me.
Now it's all one big mess.
If I spoke, you barely answered.
The most horrible thing was, you'd smile when you were mad.
I felt guilty about always being away from you and Papa.
When I got back to the hotel, I couldn't sleep.
My back's aching.
I remember very little of my childhood.
My face and my body have aged.
During the night, I was woken by Helena crying.
When Lena got seriously ill, you sent her to a home.
Her face had shrunk, and her nose was red from crying.
I hadn't the heart to warn her.
I tormented you with an old hatred that's no longer real.
I wish you could spend some time with him.
I'm grounded.
It's too depressing to think about.
I'm sorry, Mandy.
I'm really sorry.
I can't believe I threw up in front of Dean Wormer.
But Sam is gone.
I can see I made a mistake.
We were so very sorry about your father.
I couldn't get the cook on such short notice, so we're on our own.
I was dreadful.
A depressing characteristic.
They look like they've come to a funeral.
How tragic.
She's an unlucky driver.
I can't take any more of it.
I'm not usually this fragile.
And no one will believe me.
We've lost our picture.
I hope it doesn't end here.
I hope I never get old and have to be in a wheelchair and have to depend on the ushers to help me out of church.
Sometimes it's hard for us to understand the Lord's ways.
I get two bucks an hour, plus ten per cent of that goes to a bail fund.
There is nothing I can do.
No, it was never love.
From then on I was hopelessly lost.
Before experience taught me that life is quite tragic enough...
We've no other choice.
I spent most of my life in institutions.
All I've got are a lot of bad habits and a lot of bad debts.
You might have noticed I've got a slight weight problem.
Well, I didn't have the money.
But now I know why I have always lost women to guys like you.
If you would've had four fours, you would've won.
I don't wanna go back.
I can't handle basic training again, man.
Too bad the girls are in Germany.
It ended very badly.
I was state-raised... and this is a dead place.
I thought we were friends.
But I'm missin' it, man.
I know it's a terrible time.
It doesn't happen often these days.
I've been in all night.
We tried that route, but we gave up.
I caught a cold on the plane.
I really am nice, but you act like a fool around me.
Honey, I haven't had a chance to really talk to her...
I just don't wanna hurt her feelings.
She's been through enough.
I couldn't sleep.
When he held me, it wasn't the way a father should hold a daughter.
I'm not sure how much good all this talking's doing.
You have to go on the road and I have to go through what I'm going through.
I know you think I'm crazy.
I've been sick, Jerry.
I don't say that with any kind of blame or accusation, but that is when it started.
I guarantee you that these dreams or nightmares or whatever the hell they are will never bother you again.
Jerry, it's just a disease.
I'm sorry this had to happen, Mrs Moran.
I just don't want to see anybody hurt.
I'm afraid Scraps will have to be shot.
We had something special, but it's over.
Joe, the insurance is worthless now.
I didn't even have time to wash my hair today.
All I ever do is try to make you happy.
I wanna feel good about something sometime.
You meet somebody and you only got one night to really get to know them.
Sorry you had to come back to something like this.
This is not a good place for you.
Kate, I might have died a happy man.
You'd hate it.
I don't like my boys getting hurt permanently.
What a shame.
Look, I was a bit of an asshole.
You don't care about me.
Don't leave without saying goodbye.
The truth is I wanted to quit.
Can't anyone love me without it being life or death to them?
I've lied and used people all my life because I thought everybody did.
I hit him too hard.
But I don't care about any of that now.
It's just not okay to be alone anymore.
I didn't mean anything bad.
What are they doing here?
Where's your uniform?
What's the idea of turning her down?
What's the matter with my policy?
Where's all the money today?
I must have been crazy.
Well, look who's here.
What a man!
What happened?
I thought you'd be thrilled to death.
Matt, you must be mistaken.
Can you imagine that guy?
He was here?
Heavens' name!
What's got into you?
What do you mean, there's no more money?
You won't believe it until you see it.
You're not beginning that again, are you?
But I always thought little stenographers made little pennies.
Do I look like a baroness?
Is this the time, or I am blind?
Madame is canceling the engagement?
What on earth have they been doing to you?
You could love me?
Really?
Why should the signing of these articles be suddenly held up?
I thought it was all over.
All that money, Baron?
I don't believe it.
Doesn't a doctor have to do that?
Why, if it isn't our friend the sharpshooter.
Why are you laughing?
Don't I know you?
There are you, free to come and go as you please, and you choose to stay here.
But who would buy the boat?
Why did you do it, Andy?
I thought you'd want to come back and finish that concerto you were writing.
My word, are there important people downstairs?
Case, it strikes me you chose a strange time to tell us this.
Aren't you tired, Melanie?
Why aren't you helping Melly with my surprise birthday party?
Why, Ashley Wilkes, you aren't supposed to know anything about that.
If I'd only known, I'd have come straight home.
When did you discover that?
You knew that too?
Never, in any crisis of your life, have I known you to have a handkerchief.
Who are you calling this late?
What's Taylor got to do with this?
Two whole days!
What did he bring his pigeons for?
What happened to him?
Say, wait a minute.
Do I actually see this?
How did this happen?
That's the boy wonder?
Daniel Webster sat here?
Who let you in?
Why aren't you chasing ambulances?
Didn't you talk about a boys camp?
Senator Paine decided this with you?
How big is this thing?
You've always had to work?
Look, money!
She wants to talk to me?
Did you think I was a lady?
He didn't say anything about a dam.
You won't stand for it?
You tell these men and Senator Paine what to do?
This doesn't make sense.
I was amazed at his violent reaction until the evidence came to me that he owned those very 200 acres.
Why isn't he at his desk?
One man muzzling a whole state?
Are you the Buljanoff who fought on the barricades?
Don't you find that restful?
But why do you bring this up now?
Alexis, do you know what you're saying?
Did I hear something about jewels?
Rakonin has just given me the most amazing news.
But how can there be a question?
Why are you so good to us?
Don't we like Leon?
Leon, why are you so good to us?
It must have been here all day.
What a charming idea for Moscow to surprise us with a lady comrade.
You didn't get legal advice?
Why are we peddling our precious possessions to the world at this time?
In other words, you don't know?
Does it mean you want me to go there?
Can it be that I'm falling in love with you?
What kind of a girl are you, anyway?
Are you crazy, Buljanoff?
Good heavens, these Russian names.
Madame, if you don't think about food, what do you think about?
How did you get here?
Ninotchka, when we first went to my apartment... did I have the slightest idea that you were connected with this deal?
Do Russians never think about life?
So you don't think that's funny?
Everybody else thought it was funny!
Everybody else laughs at it, but not you.
Yesterday I was greatly amazed when I came from the market... and found you'd made your bed, sir.
Good heavens, isn't there any revolt in you?
You want me to go in there?
Don't you recognize me?
Won't those two years in court be expensive for you?
Didn't you march today?
You mean to tell me you wear a different dress for different times of the day?
You've finished the whole investigation?
Don't you ever sleep?
Are you sure this report's correct?
So you're behind all this.
Have you forgotten it?
Is that so far from your desire?
You, the most innocent of them all?
Is it for this that you hold me back from a raid on Spain?
They told me you wouldn't see me.
You wrote me letters?
So that's what you came to see me about?
You count good, but where's the change?
Where did I see your face before?
I didn't recognize you standing up.
How they handle all this and ride a horse at the same time is beyond me.
I thought I knew all of Grandpa's friends but I don't seem to recognize you.
Where'd they go?
Well, I must say you're quite different from what I expected.
Oh, is that Maxim's idea?
I didn't expect to see you, Mrs. Danvers.
What are you talking about?
Talk what things over?
By heavens, an Englishwoman.
Are you so sure that Phillip will attack?
You mean, people can hear me now?
I didn't know you played a saxophone.
Are you crazy?
You sure you ain't got me mixed up with somebody else?
What's the great rush?
And you found out?
Why you drinkin' that cold coffee?
We weren't expecting you for a while yet.
I didn't know you were still here.
Who told you that?
But if you're in love with him, why are you skipping out?
Don't you think it's funny?
Why did you shoot him?
Oh, you have tobacco!
What's with Pablo?
You never used to drink it straight like that.
Can't you tell me what's happened?
Where'd you get the money?
He struck you?
Seems much slower than the other eight times I've seen it.
You mean I'm supposed to take mama's place?
Any guy who says he can fence $50,000 is crazy.
Can't I go down to San Berdoo and get it fixed?
Maybe they're buddies after all.
Why didn't you ask me?
You want us to believe that?
Safe from what?
And they told me that you weren't that smart.
I thought he was sick.
You're full of surprises.
Hadn't they promised to keep our name out of it?
You mean, he has a key to your home?
How can you ask me that?
I haven't been up this early in years.
Doesn't it frighten you that there's a killer at large?
Why should that worry you?
You're not going to marry him?
The princess has been acting very strangely.
That name's kinda familiar, ain't it, Mink?
That was his wife's plantation?
Come to think of it, everyone did look kind of undressed.
You'd think they'd let a man keep his hair.
You've got a woman here?
Now you want to give him another?
I guess that's why the old man gave it to you!
I wonder what he's got against the marines?
Why do you writers take such chances?
Don't tell me you've left it up there.
When I came here, I thought this was gonna be a 30-day stretch, maybe 60.
Well, haven't you seen the paper?
You don't say?
A few years ago, you was a truck driver.
I discovered that actually Rommel was not in Africa... when the storm of battle broke.
You've made no protests yourself?
He told you to tell me that too?
I thought you'd gone.
I never thought I'd make it.
Thought she wants to get an education.
You're the busiest woman I ever saw.
Ain't she seen a man before?
I've never seen such activity.
My, and you did your spring house-cleaning all in one day.
You never wore that before.
It looks different here.
Didn't you understand that?
If anyone had told me this morning that I'd decide to go to Copenhagen...
And people do the strangest things, too.
Who wears a thing like that?
They laugh and kiss, then they scream and beat each other.
Is it true the ballet's moving out?
She kissed you?
I thought you were fast asleep.
I thought you were...
Didn't the formula cure his rheumatism?
Theoretically, it should have a much greater effect.
How did eggs get into the conversation?
I never know in advance when I'm going to be a genius.
Now neither one of you are making sense.
What's he doing there?
You intend to take it yourself?
Gus, I thought you were going to attend to that later.
That's odd.
Barnaby, all of this is very confusing.
Is it supposed to work right away?
A rather odd reaction.
Is this our new car?
When did that start?
Complete reversal of usual behaviour pattern.
Are you trying to say something?
Don't you like children?
Darling, why weren't you disappointed?
The old man was right after all!
There's somebody out there.
Why is he leaving that position?
I thought you were a confirmed private.
I didn't know you were married.
Is that what you want?
Are you out of your mind?
You're going to the police?
But you are absolutely sure he was a priest?
Of course, it's absurd that a priest would be involved.
You never spoke about it.
Yet you turned to him for advice when you wouldn't turn to your husband.
You hadn't seen him in years, and yet you say he was an old friend.
What are you afraid of?
Why did the inspector allow me to say all those things?
Why is Willy coming here?
Why would they arrest you, Father?
And he wouldn't let you help him?
What has happened to your friends, Father?
You don't even know him!
That meteor is either very light, which is unheard of, or it's hollow.
Don't you live at home?
The Martians had calculated their descent with amazing perfection.
They haven't even been touched!
Those bathing beauties you've been watching haven't raised your temperature one degree in a month.
You never gonna get married?
Oh, how can you tell that from here?
Where's that wonderful music coming from?
Must have been watching out that window for hours.
What, do you think I consider it recreation?
What makes you think there's something the matter with her?
How did we ever stand each other in that plane for three years during the war?
You mean you haven't even heard from him?
There's somebody at the door.
Jeff, aren't you going to tell him about the jewelry?
You mean you're through with the case?
Something's happened to the dog.
You know, for a minute, that Tom Doyle almost had me convinced I was wrong.
You can tell from here?
What do you need money for?
You two know each other?
Why did you get married?
Why don't they use something easy to get?
Wouldn't they have done it anyway?
Why did you ever go there at all?
We weren't thinking of going quite that far with it.
Now what makes you think I hate her?
Now what's all this?
What are you doing with this guy?
What's all this for?
Why can't they get along without us?
How come we're just getting it?
Those men hadn't even thought of that.
Nobody knows anything about what's happening here.
Griffin, ain't you gonna do nothing?
You're not thinking of committing a crime?
It's impossible!
Are you joking?
I can't believe it.
What are you doing with my uncle's briefcase?
Where is everybody?
It stung at first, but now I can't feel a thing.
It's hard to believe, isn't it?
What are those lights?
I thought you'd question him.
I can't believe that.
But, monsieur, if you had only told me in the first place that you wished to consult with your consul.
Are you quite certain this place was full of people only a few minutes ago?
An odd coincidence, both of you turning up here.
Something very unusual has happened.
What do you want the carpenter for?
Aren't you gonna do something?
Dan, why are you so cross?
There I was, face to face with Ben Wade.
You mean to say I have this all to myself?
They don't know he's here, do they?
This is the bridal suite?
I didn't think you'd shoot.
Why isn't he traveling with you?
It's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the write-offs.
Don't tell me you're embarrassed?
I thought you said something.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
That's odd.
I haven't seen you for days.
What in the world is all this?
I thought I gave you plenty of time to...
Darling, it just doesn't make sense.
That's the first encouraging thing you've said.
I'm surprised at you!
How did you know I was here?
Then you weren't angry because I wasn't there?
Oh, I almost forgot.
Six months ago, who'd have thought we'd be spending Christmas together?
Why didn't you tell me?
You lost your ship?
Are they both mad?
You're not usually so slow on the uptake, Evans.
That's why you brought me here?
Are you quite sure you'd be able to use it in cold blood?
Silly, it never occurred to me.
Sounds great, but what is it?
This is your idea?
I thought you'd be old.
Is this some sort of a gag?
What do you mean, they're gonna try?
How do you live with it, Miss Bruce?
Or was I the man of the future?
He'd been innocent!
You're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
And were you not told the same thing by his wife?
That's a terrible lot of money for a working woman to pay.
Why are you saying these things?
You're not gonna believe this.
So how can you tell the difference?
Did you see what he did?
Why didn't you take her home?
Why is he naked, Sergeant?
I hadn't heard you'd sold the place.
You gave $50 for this horse?
I didn't expect you to.
What about the herd?
What do you mean by that?
And just how did he go about that?
It's hard to believe about Henry Tunstall.
Mr. Chisum's changed with the times.
That surprises me.
That surprises me even more.
Just when I think you're dead, you always come back.
Usually, this woman is gentle as a dove.
I was lucky I come across her last.
I've never been invisible before.
It sounds ridiculous, but the soldiers never lifted a hand to stop us.
You're not going to hang me?
This is quite a pleasant surprise.
Will you please tell me how you knew that?
Boy, those English sure have a lot of guts.
Then why are you hanging around here?
How did you do that?
The first person who's nice to us is another out-of-towner.
With the transit trouble, I didn't expect to see you on time.
I've been called a lot of things, but "comfortable"!
You have a lot of faith in us!
Ain't that the girl Whitey Carter went lookin' for?
He said you were a saintly old man who didn't hold with all the vices.
But how do you know that if you weren't there?
But do you truly believe that by deliberate present-day action we can neutralize that possibility and alter the future?
Why did you change words in the middle of the sentence?
Did Lewis really play here?
I sit here and I can't believe that it happened.
This is the largest police car I've ever seen.
Thought I saw some resemblance.
What were you seeing him about?
I don't mean to be handing you no line, but that's pretty hard to believe.
He spent money on a bible?
Why would he buy a bible?
She really do all that dancing?
How come she leave that job?
But are they telling me, or are they asking me?
That's a hell of a story, Bell.
It's been over a week you've been gone.
Didn't think we'd be getting to see you.
Look who's here.
Hey, look who's here!
What's Zharkov doing on the plane?
When did you know?
Didn't even know he was still alive.
And you believe that?
Tell me, what keeps you from burning out?
Alex, you remind me of someone I used to know.
Funny, he never told me his name.
It's hard to believe that you haven't had sex for 200 years.
That's incredible.
You're saying she's not from the island?
Did you come over in that aeroplane that I saw flying round?
What, just to see me?
On an island famous for its fruit and vegetables?
Anyone'd think you didn't want to get better.
You were told about the vortex?
Do you mean he'd never seen a clock before?
It's a miracle.
Oh, it's still there.
My life is a surprise.
Young man, you think this thing won't fly?
Mrs Devaney, do you know what you just ordered?
Do you know that my first trip to California took five days?
The stewardess is flying the plane?
Do you really think they can do anything?
How great can you kiss?
I just didn't believe it.
Are you really a singer?
You go for the piano for the first month.
Aren't you going to ask me to sit down?
Do you really want to know?
The dog grabs the gorilla and swings what?
How are you going to sing?
Are you kidding?
Christ, she's got tits the size of cucumbers.
Isn't that the truth?
Your brother taught you to kiss?
Can't I have everything?
When does he ever hear me swear?
If that's all what we all thinking, why isn't someone just come right out and say it?
Why are you asking me all these questions?
How did you know about that?
Harry, how did you do it?
Who was so interested?
What I say is, why go on living with them if they can't stand them?
Is this absolutely where you live, my dearest one?
Is that why I had to come alone?
That huge place over there?
But how do you live there all by yourself?
He was here two weeks before I knew he'd moved in.
Actually, we don't know a soul here.
But Jordan told me she was with you.
I just got wised up to something funny the last few days.
You wouldn't be offended if I call the police?
Boy, you amaze me.
You go expecting these things to happen and they do.
What does my height have to do with anything?
Haven't seen you here before.
You broke your husband out of prerelease?
That's some ride, huh?
Did you hear that, honey?
Don't nobody want to ask me nothin'?
Holmes, you never told me you had a brother Sigerson.
Never saw a man yet could hold his liquor like a bottle.
Who said I'm moving?
Even God wouldn't believe it!
Where'd you get this, exactly?
Are you sure it was there?
It's the first time he's told me the truth!
What about the treasure?
What would a plate like this be doing in a World War II munition ship?
But what's she doing off of Bermuda with part of that fleet's treasure?
You've seen what?
Don't you ever sleep?
Exactly how inexpensive?
She gave you that?
God, she must really love you.
My prince, did I hear you right?
But what's wrong with Sister Marian's habit?
Just what is this relationship between you and our friend?
Isn't that a dog up there?
Incredible!
That's a big surprise.
Are you guys brothers!
Where are the new boys?
What are you doin' here?
A beautiful woman like you?
Did you ever wanna sleep with a man?
And what do you think those old geezers really miss in Florida?
Alex, don't you remember?
That was some road trip.
You mean, you could sell us but you won't?
This is an unscheduled surprise.
What are you talking about?
You didn't know that about Angela, eh?
How come I never see you eating?
You really want it that bad?
Mikey, you're so ... weird!
What's that for?
You didn't know he's back?
How do you know?
Don't you remember?
This heat is really something.
Haven't seen you in a long time.
How come you bought one?
What an extraordinary mother.
Why on earth did she come here?
There she sat, gazing at me with her big eyes.
To me, man is a tremendous creation, an inconceivable thought.
Oh, it's just surprising.
Is that true?
Everybody's a boat freak?
You said she was coming with us.
What a tool!
What's going on?
Why Charles, what are you doing here?
I though you didn't like blood sports.
So, I cannot imagine, my dear Elizabeth, why you should wish to involve yourself.
Why do you want to make yourself a slave to this dull business, when you could be on a lovely yacht, with a lovely man, visiting the Greek islands, seeing all the world?
Where did Charles Martin get his share of money?
Alec, you got here fast.
Well, I never thought I'd spend my wedding night with you, Kate.
How did you get in here?
I thought your little cousin was going to sell the stock.
What's this about a film?
You must have a strong stomach to want to see that sort of thing.
How did Prager and the newspapers get the Joeppli story before you?
Why didn't your operator look at the other indicators?
How can you afford it?
Didn't they ask you about this?
He gave me some work to do and he left.
Are you looking for somebody?
What's all the celebrating?
You are here looking for a friend?
You're not trying to get a story?
I thought he was kidding.
They're unbelievable.
Boy, is that hot!
Incredible.
You're still dressed?
It's an investment?
What are you doing, making a career out of this?
It astonished me.
They are wise, these old women!
Noise, what's that noise?
You're home a little early, aren't you?
What, are you smuggling furs or something?
I just had the weirdest dream.
It is nothing like we figured out.
I didn't know I had one.
You tryin' to adopt a kid?
You don't often see a set of charlies that nice.
We thought Monsignor Fitzgerald will take over the building fund.
You remembered my favorite color.
What's this with the orange bow on here?
You made me remember things that I had forgotten.
I thought I was someone who I wasn't.
What are you talkin' about?
You're really the tolerant type, Cavanaugh!
Who's askin' to see me?
How did you learn to fight like that?
I thought he didn't drink.
Does this mean Tommy and Miss Balbricker are engaged?
Do you believe that?
Who is this delivery from?
Who were you expecting?
I thought you weren't a romantic.
What's your school counsellor wanna see me for?
They're real, aren't they?
I'm impressed.
I've never seen anything like it before.
Looks a lot like your house, doesn't it?
This is quite a setup they have here.
No one's ever gotten away with a stunt like this before.
Is he always like that?
I don't know, the words just slipped out.
What's with those cicadas anyway?
Are you trying to tell me that you want to be on television?
You still workin' on that deal?
You sure you want to do this?
You mean Jesse was here?
We all thought you were dead.
What about the horses and the cattle?
How'd you boys know where to find me?
How did you manage to get so friendly with Frank King?
Haven't seen you for a while.
But I couldn't help noticing, despite the habit, that you're quite young.
You mean you're trading in your horse for a wagon ride?
I'd offer you something harder, but you don't drink?
The old man can still catch, huh?
I can't believe this is you, Ben.
Is that chilli?
What a surprise to see you.
I just happen to be taking the same train.
How do you know all that?
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it was you on the phone.
What are you gonna do all by yourself?
I thought your favourite was chicken.
Please love and care for this orphan child.
It's as true now as it was then.
I shall recommend you highly.
I got it from the best authority.
No need to worry, son.
Matt, you trust me, don't you?
Everything's gonna be all right.
Everything'll be all right.
Now you're talking sense.
He's the best man in the world.
Tom Dickson is a friend of mine.
I'll put money in his bank anytime.
Rely on me, Papa.
I'm an honest businessman, a good husband and a father.
I can pay whatever you want.
I know him through and through.
I'd like to take you in my arms and not let anything happen to you, ever.
Don't worry.
Don't be afraid.
I could take care of you, Miss Flaemmchen, if you'd let me.
Therefore, we do here and now band ourselves... into a brotherhood of buccaneers... to practice the trade of piracy on the high seas.
With your brain and my strength, there is nothing we cannot do.
You've always been the stronger character.
Will you look after Melanie for me?
You needn't worry.
How can I thank you enough for what you did for us?
I never heard anything more true.
And, Scarlett, I'm going to see that you are safe.
From my heart, I thank you.
I'll do what I can, Mammy.
Promise me?
Promise?
Relax, Happy.
These bills are put together by legal minds after long study.
I knew that if anyone could help me, you could.
I've never known anyone as capable and intelligent.
I don't know where I'd be with this bill if it wasn't for your help.
This boy's honest, not stupid.
He's honest.
I sponsored him in the Senate.
What he lacked in experience, he's made up in fight.
In this world full of hatred a man who knows that one rule has a great trust.
Let's be honest.
I might be able to accommodate you.
I was looking after your interests.
Gentlemen, I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
You gave me some very valuable information.
He takes good care of that.
You're so expert on things.
Ninotchka, let me confess something.
There's nothing sweeter than sharing a secret with an enemy.
Please, relax.
I'll give you one more chance.
Whenever you want to visit their plants, they are open to you.
Leon, I want to confess.
You couldn't have found anyone more sympathetic to your condition.
Don't worry, last night a very trustworthy friend kept his eyes open.
I'll never forget what you've done.
She is right.
The queen is never powerless.
My thanks to you.
Take good care of him.
You have been my friend and patron.
Will you promise?
I promise.
I must be honest with you.
I promised.
It's a pleasure to do business with a man like you.
Come on, stranger, hop in.
Don't worry.
Rusty steers good.
If you gentlemen want anything, just ring.
Perhaps you would like to do it for me?
You must teach me.
You won't tell anyone you saw me in there, will you?
He's quite harmless.
We're the only two people in the world that know, Maxim, you and I.
I entirely agree with you, Colonel.
Your niece will have no trouble meeting the Queen's requirements.
Captain, there ain't no man on earth I'd rather serve under.
These men are loyal and devoted.
If Mr. Jordan says he'll get you another body, he'll get you another body... every bit as good as your own, if not better.
Max, I'm going to let you in on something.
I want to tell you something.
Would you like to come with me and look for her?
Do your best to keep him there until our men come along.
He'll know how to handle things.
You've done the right thing.
You and the boys take care of him.
We've simply got to convince you that you're going to serve the right cause.
I must admit, you put some very convincing arguments on this table.
Maybe you'll even put in a good word for me?
I did my best and I was very ably assisted by my colleagues.
Both of you give him a hand.
I'll look after the horses.
Look after my things.
I care for you very much, Inglés.
Don't worry if you hear firing.
No, I stay with you.
If you take a swim, I'd have to take a swim.
Someone will take care of you right away.
I'd never have taken the job if I hadn't wanted to keep us all together.
You take care of the details.
Everything will be all right.
The figures I have just quoted indicate an efficiently run organization.
Your mother was my dearest friend.
I mean, he makes a very fine officer.
How about the three of you shaking hands?
I want you fellows to meet my noble steed Cyril.
There must be a reason.
I brought you something to drink.
You'll see that I get away all right, see that I get to a doc?
I was as close to him as I am to you.
When you're around, Ma, nothing can stop me.
Don't let it beat you.
We'll set it all up.
I'm working on a plan to get your case reviewed.
This time I'm going right to the top to get you out.
Doctor, you're with me.
I want you to make a little phone call for me.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Richard can sense a detective from miles away.
Maybe she could get some valuable information.
She's a friend.
You're right.
You'll go together and keep working as a team.
I'll pay both of you.
They'll pick you up when you get there.
I'll give it to you, Johnny.
So I phoned Mr John and he agreed to pick it up.
Mr. Steele, could I keep the book till you come out?
I'll drive you home.
I don't think he killed Mildred Atkinson.
I told the police what I saw.
I'm glad she's on my side.
We solve every murder in less than two hours.
He'll show you when it's finished.
I want to do everything I can to make your job easier.
Sit down, be comfortable.
I'll stay with you, Dix.
Then we understand each other.
You don't have to hide your bruises, Jeff.
But I owe Jeff something.
Thank you for your kindness.
You look like an honest man.
Is there something I can do for you, ma'am?
Take good care of them.
Want me to pick out one for you, Dutch?
I guess you're right again.
Coates, Murphy, take the first sentry duty.
Well, as long as you feel that way about it, the gun is yours!
Let me know if you see anything, huh?
Now look, Captain, you're an educated man.
Have Doc take a look at him.
Well, will you talk to him about it, sometime?
I'm gonna take you to a nice, quiet place.
I'll talk to him.
That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet.
But until then, Mr Boot, you'll get yourself the best newspaperman you ever had.
You ought to know your way around here pretty well.
I'm your pal.
Guard them with your life.
I guess it's all right if we drive up there, isn't it?
Six days of this and I'll make you a hero.
You sure can make with the words.
Make sure she gets to that church this evening.
We've got the best soldiers in the German army here.
And it's the truth, of course.
I bestow my blessings on your courage and optimism.
But I don't think you have to worry about this one.
How many other generals can boast the favor and support of a leader... so gifted in the arts of war?
But he's got a good practice.
And I could get you your own key.
Doc, can I go with you to the AA meeting?
Did you ask God to be with you and keep you strong?
Come in and I'll get you a nice, cold glass of water.
Marie said she couldn't go out tonight, so I said she could use the parlour.
Will you help me move the table?
Thanks for lending it to me.
If I need you later on, will you come over?
He's safer here.
I'd never leave you, Daddy.
That is true.
Tell Hans to wait in the shop for me.
Do you know something else, my friend?
Let me feed you.
How can I help you?
And you have my coat ready for me when I'm ready to leave!
Perhaps you will have words for me by tomorrow night?
I'll fix you something to eat and call Hank and tell him we're not coming.
I think you've solved the problem.
Find someone to type this.
No, you're perfectly right.
I'll get you there in a hurry.
But don't worry, I'll show you how.
I'm glad you're here to see nothing goes wrong.
Get me some water.
I'll take care of you.
You'll have a chance to judge for yourself.
Do you think you'd feel any better if I fixed you some toast and coffee?
I asked you to come here today to discuss the sale of your formula.
You can come out now, Red Eagle.
We're going to do everything we can to help you, but you've got to help, too.
You're a genius, old boy!
We'll take care of him, sir.
Tom, give us a bit of help.
You haven't got a little nip of something, have you?
Let me get you a transfer, sir.
When we go, you go!
Then you ought to understand why I can't.
If your men are as cocksure as you are, they might get through.
I'll give it back to you in the morning.
Kramm, take care of this.
Consequently, you've been selected to hold the key position in the coming' festivities.
I don't give the orders, I obey them.
All I can do is release you to make your own estimate of the situation.
Give me all the covering fire you can spare.
One can learn a great deal from him.
Yes, Father, I'll tell him when he comes back.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Hasn't God forgiven me, thanks to you?
You're perfectly right.
Now, if you will just give me the name and the address of the person.
I'm going to answer whatever questions the inspector wishes to ask me.
Would you like me to go with you?
I had met Father Logan to ask his advice.
Father Logan is an old friend.
You understand what that would mean.
But I believe what the prosecutor said.
I'd like you to stay at my house.
We're friends!
Would you care for some coffee?
The Air Force will take care of these babies now.
Our best hope lies in what you people can develop to help us.
Well, if you want anything, just ring.
Tell me everything you saw and what you think it means.
I'm going to stay with you.
You know, much as I hate to give Thomas J. Doyle too much credit, he might have gotten a hold of something when he said that was pretty private stuff going on out there.
We're old friends.
You wanna help her with the stuff?
We'll let him sleep.
I'll help you.
You earned a piece of it.
You come with us, and you got a chance.
Wait for your friend there.
I'm giving you the chance.
The way I understand it, you know Griffin better than anyone.
Take it easy.
I got a friend bringing some dough.
What if I could get you the money you're waiting for before midnight?
I like doing business with a man I can trust.
The police would know what to do.
He's right.
I'll cover you.
I taught him.
You taught me everything.
He must have a plan.
Let the boy come in, Griffin.
It won't hurt you, kid.
He saved my neck.
Yeah, I got you.
We understand each other all the way.
I gotta hand it to you, you'd make a great con man.
You give us a fair shake, we'll give you a fair shake.
I'll take you to him.
We thought you might like to look through his papers.
You committed the perfect crime.
That was very considerate of him.
You can take my word for it.
I went through all his papers very carefully.
I have nothing against Felix.
Don't worry about a thing.
I'll break it to her gently.
Carol, I want you to transcribe these notes for my report.
Will you arrange a conference for us?
They will believe you.
Major Huglin will arrange for whatever facilities you may require.
The present danger is ended.
Give me your blessing for a happy voyage.
I come to offer a treaty of peace to King Menelaus.
I'll go a distance with you to point the way.
I'm sure you'll agree with me that it is my duty to become our leader.
Helen, through you, we have learned that they seek plunder, not justice.
Whatever your love wishes me to be, whatever is in your heart.
As things are, there's no need for you to go through the Customs.
You mustn't worry about him, really.
Let's try to figure the whole thing out.
Give me a yell when you want me to unlock the door.
I'm sorry you have to sneak out by the back way, but we must preserve a respectable front.
You go out, call him up, tell him to surround this place with police.
Don't be nervous.
Any friends of mine are friends of his.
Your boat, my boat.
He can use one of my horses!
Don't worry, he'll be along.
You sure come to the right place here.
Something I can do to help you?
I got to take care of my cattle.
You're our best shot.
You know what to do.
Don't worry.
I'm obliged for your hospitality.
I'm gonna ride on back and keep watch.
As soon as we get near those cattle pens take Alice and drive her out of town as fast as you can.
But you have such an honest face.
The captain has an honest face too.
You're very wise.
Thank you for letting me trespass.
Shall I see you to your cabin?
I've been hiding it just for you.
Nice doing business with you.
I wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, Tyrone.
This is my team.
You're going to do all right without me.
You're welcome to have turkey with my husband and me.
And if there's anything else you want, just holler.
My officers and I will be responsible for their conduct.
I must say he seems quite a reasonable type.
I understand how you feel.
Your officers will work beside you.
He is responsible.
I do not hide the truth.
I know our men.
I was sure it would meet with your approval.
If we increase the number of squads and specialise their functions I'm certain the total daily output can be increased by 30 percent.
But you could help us in a rather special sense.
Thanks for telling me.
I know, under the circumstances, it's a bit much but you have a unique knowledge for our purpose.
Go ahead, you can be frank.
You want my honest evaluation of this team?
He's not without experience, you know.
If you hadn't fixed the radio, we wouldn't know about the train.
If you see her, hang on to her.
These are my friends.
Promise?
Well, you fixed everything!
Dr Post, who runs a shop I worked in, has contacts in several universities.
I'll make you a deal.
Now I want you to tell me something.
And as long as you've got this wedding ring on, you've got me.
Come on now, let's go home.
Use your influence, Louise.
Oh, but you're not alone now.
I've guarded it with me life.
Take care of yourself.
Don't worry, we won't take the brief, but an old friend needs help.
Surely I can give him a word of advice.
He's of good character with an excellent war record.
I will give him an alibi and I shall be very convincing.
Be a good, brave boy, Sir Wilfrid.
I know his voice well enough.
I don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
Can you keep a secret, hmm?
Thomas is a dear friend of ours.
You don't have to call me Father.
He's a friend of mine.
Try it yourself if you don't believe me.
And Italy is a very moral country.
I'm your brother John.
You promoted me.
You'll have parades in your honour.
All you have to do is be our pal.
Take our offer.
It's a deal.
Could you use some help, Mr. Chisum?
Mr. Chisum, if I can do anything for you...
You'll find I'm pretty well-connected here.
He's led us on many a cattle drive.
Mr. Tunstall loaned me his Bible here so I could practice my reading.
He's got such gentle eyes.
Mr. Tunstall's been teaching me.
I promise.
Pat, I never did thank you for hauling me out of that river.
Mr. Tunstall was the first man ever to treat me decent.
Take care of her, Sallie.
Little Man was very brave.
Welcome to your new home.
I'll take care of him, Mrs Pendrake.
Then take my advice.
You have nothing to fear.
I'll protect you.
I can tell the occupation of a man by looking at him.
I just took care of him.
We was safe there.
I knew you were a good man.
I think you're right.
Thank you for making me a Human Being.
Thank you for my victories and for my defeats.
Take care of my son here.
Very well, I won't pry into trade secrets.
Miss Gamble, I will try to help you today.
If any of you have the time or interest, I would welcome your help.
Oh, no, don't worry about me.
I solved your case, that's all.
I think the answers make you wise, but the questions make you human.
He's trying to help.
I can verify that.
Will you leave me a few for a room and something to eat?
Well, I'm not going to leave him.
You're stronger than you think.
Will you help us, please?
I will get off there and my chauffeur will take you to your destination.
I was getting a message for you.
You take half the troop and follow those that went to the east.
Hold on, I can handle this.
Maybe I can help you.
Well, I reckon I'm in.
I can help.
You're a good teacher, Frenchy!
I don't know how to thank you.
Well, she helped me.
I know that old man.
We're trying to help ya!
I'm obliged to you for getting me out of the fix I was in.
I will pray for you.
Hendricks is not stupid.
It's all right, Colonel McNally, they're friends.
They came to help.
He's signed all those deeds back to their rightful owners.
They may do a better job of it than we have.
I appreciate what you're doing, Armando.
Well, Lewis will think of something.
The Presidential Commission has empowered me to take it in my care.
It had to be total and it had to be honest.
I'm prepared to make a donation to the people of this town.
Since you're their representatives, I can tell you that I'm prepared, right now, to give you a James Madison.
This nice man's taking you to your aunt.
It's a deal.
I'll show you how to make up your eyes and your lips.
Promise me one thing.
Well, Bill, I'm gonna make you my deputy.
We must protect these investments so the area can continue to prosper and grow.
But if it's straight-up one-to-one you want, then I'm your man.
You and me rode into this county together.
I say this as a friend.
There's a lot of us who'd ride with you.
You might be able to find something out there alone.
I felt obliged to come and pay my respects before moving on.
Harley, you and Lee give me a hand with this door.
You just give us the word.
I know old Pete.
McLeod's depending on you, Scorpio.
They'll get her out for you.
That's the first thing Cross taught me.
Only those I trust know that.
They're both Viennese, both good men.
I've known Zharkov for almost 30 years.
I'd like your opinion.
I want you to take care of someone for me.
He'll know what to do.
Then, when you've recovered your strength, we'll discuss the plan.
They won't hurt you.
Don't worry.
Now, you get a good rest and next week you'll begin a new life.
This is where you'll be living.
I've got something to tell you.
Just relax.
However, I'm counting on you to respond appropriately.
I'll be assisting you through the entire process.
Well, thank you for your help.
Och, you don't want to let them worry you.
It'll do that poor sore throat good.
I invited you.
They will not fail.
We have means of controlling it.
We are not so vulnerable.
I will watch over you.
Consuella is right.
When you can see into this crystal, then you will be ready.
They sure have all the right equipment.
It's all taken care of, Papa.
OK, we'll give them a hand.
I'll take care of Miss Swanson.
Once again skill and daring have overcome fear and anxiety.
The front controls seem to be all right.
We'll do all we can to help you.
We're going to have to go down there and calm everybody else.
We have to give them something to hope for.
Do you want me to come with you?
There is a pilot on the radio telling her what to do, telling her exactly how to do it.
Just hold it steady until I tell you.
You take a rest now.
I'll bet he's gonna help us.
We'll have help up to you real soon.
They'll do everything that can be done.
I'm going with you, Al.
But there is nothing to be alarmed about.
I'll take good care of it.
I think he'd be very gentle.
If I could give you a job, I would do it.
Maybe I can help you to get out of it.
Thanks for the warning.
Could you show me where they are?
You don't have to worry.
I just came to escort you home.
Honey, if you change your mind, just let me know.
I was hoping you'd be an example for him.
Honey, it's nice to have somebody take care of you.
Because I want to talk to you, face to face.
If you wouldn't mind giving me a lift.
I've thought this out very carefully and I know what I'm gonna do.
I want to talk to you tonight.
Could you give me the number of the sorority house?
I don't have any secrets.
Let me tell you what I said when she was born.
He doesn't want any trouble with anyone.
I thought we should get acquainted, since we're neighbours.
Let me tell you something about my life.
I'd like you to meet a friend of mine.
Come in out of the rain.
Any favours that I do for you don't need any payment.
God sees everything.
We'll share it.
The committee wishes to emphasise that there is no evidence of any wider conspiracy.
I'd like you to meet somebody.
Hope you know how to take care of yourself.
But we like to be on a first-name basis with potential candidates.
You're invaluable, Richard.
We're not gonna hurt you.
He's been in uniform nine months but he's a good boy.
You want me to check that oil?
I've been trained for it.
It'll make you feel better.
I know you're all right... and a good woman at heart, even though you might have took a wrong turn in life.
You're my wife and I love you... even if we don't get the baby.
I wanna say I appreciate what Capt. Tanner's done on my behalf.
Thank you all for makin' it unanimous.
It was everything I promised.
You need not be afraid.
Come, my child.
We need you to know what work we'll give you.
You will help our medical research and thereby saving thousands of lives.
You are strong.
I need you.
I will satisfy you.
I'll take care of him.
I find your presence comforting somehow.
The choice is yours.
That, my boy, is much more to the point.
I'll show you how simple this can be... when you know what you're doing.
Don't have bad dreams.
That's the way to do it.
Your brother's a master at it.
She's got "champion" written all over her.
On it, you'll find the safest route.
You look like a man of property.
You win this race, and you'll get three years' pay.
You get a bonus and a raise.
You'd best come home with me.
I'll take you home.
I brought you some strawberries.
Gentlemen, the philosophy is pure Zen and the method is pure science.
There's nothing wrong with missing people.
But this child is the world's hope.
You will be cooperative?
We can attend to your needs.
There and then before the gods, you made a pact only death could break.
Fear not.
You're the experts.
Our friend would never leave prints.
I'm sure you want to be getting home.
He seemed nice enough to me.
Yeah, we're working on it.
I'll let you know when I get it straightened out.
You know, he's... he's been so kind to me.
You mustn't be weak.
Maybe you're right.
Listen, I got a favour to ask ya.
They spent their own dough to get here, and they came here to see us.
You taught that guy a lesson last night.
Listen, if things don't work out, you can get in touch with me in Minneapolis.
I'd want to pay you both.
Do you want a beer or something?
Don't worry, kid!
It's me and you.
If you are really brave and lucky, I can make you very, very rich.
Welcome home!
I'm glad you told me about this.
You've got some legitimate complaints.
We'll try to be fair.
You have my word.
By the way, Mr Kovak, I'd like to praise you for bringing this to my attention.
Do we have a deal?
We'll make an honest buck together.
And the only way we got of holding 'em off is by getting together.
I promise you that.
I want the men to be happy.
You guys don't hear nothing, cos if you did we wouldn't be sitting here.
Johnny knows what the men want.
If it's OK with you, I'd just like to hold 'em here in my hand.
I'll talk to him.
You're becoming an important man, John.
You were right about Graham.
You got the proof.
You can count on that.
I'd rather negotiate with you any day.
You'll have your own room with all the conveniences.
As often as I could, I went to see him at his villa near Naples.
It's just fear and priggishness to believe in limits.
I'll bring you your breakfast.
I called you as soon as I heard.
Listen, I've got something for you.
Then you take care of her.
I got something for you now.
Thank you, thank you, thank you...
No sweat.
Dorfman, I've given this a lot of thought.
I'm waiting for reports from some of you.
I think you know everybody here.
Let me take your coat.
I need you so much.
We're just the guys to do it.
You want to know something interesting?
We've solved problems before.
These experiments save a lot of lives.
I'd like you to have this.
I mean, all you have to do is to step aside with immense fortune.
My wife does not exaggerate.
There's no code we can't break.
But you have me.
I'll fly tomorrow to Sardinia and tell you all I know.
I represent your partner.
Your father always called him the house genius.
From now on I want you to report directly to me and only to me.
Miss Roffe, could I have a word with you in private?
Sam was good to me.
I owe him a lot.
I agree with you.
My very best friends.
You know what you ought to do, love?
There'll be someone, don't worry.
You are doing very well.
You can make it, old girl!
That man really does his job.
I think it'll support us.
If I can do anything for you, let me know.
Everybody relax.
But he's the best cameraman I know.
You want to come inside?
He says he doesn't want presents, but you know him.
You must have some idea where he was going.
Everything that could go wrong was considered.
Every part is tested again and again.
I'll follow you.
They cannot be here, so we ask you to consider them in your decision.
Get me someone you trust.
I expect you to take care of them.
He was the sanest man I ever knew.
You have to have faith.
I want to talk to you.
Listen, don't forget my door is always open to artistic people.
We care about you.
I forgive you.
Find and fulfill your destiny.
Besides, whoever marries her will rule the entire kingdom.
Good boy, good boy.
Have courage, princess.
Take me with you!
Hephaestus will do what he can.
Need a little help.
Well, I was wondering if you could hold something for me.
I'll be in my office if you need me.
And I want to thank you for making me join the Army.
I'll take care of you.
That's a good idea.
Hey, captain, could we get a ride with you?
I'll respect you even more.
I'll make you a millionaire in four months.
So I'm just asking you... to be with me.
You and me, we do business.
But Desmond is a very good chancellor.
That's a good thing to know, Frank.
A vocation to love God, help the poor, solace the sick and dying.
I'll give you a ride back to the chancery.
He runs the best parish in the archdiocese, and he's a good man.
Well, I can have a word with you.
Guess my old man's not such a bad guy after all.
Could you do it for me today, please?
I think maybe he'll listen to you.
I hate to ask you this after you've been so helpful but could you do something for me tonight?
The more people who understand our work, the better.
I appreciate your letting me come.
You know the routine.
If you need me, just pull this.
If he called, I'd tell you.
Honey, you comin' to bed?
Here, we'll take care of this.
What are good friends for anyway?
And you are definitely not insane.
Of course you're not crazy.
She is my best friend.
We know that there is nothing wrong with you medically.
I want you to get some sleep tonight.
Did the kids get to eat all right?
Make yourself comfortable.
But if it isn't me, then we have to make a deal, you and I, to accept that fact and find a way to stop it, OK?
Well, it's our way of trying to understand.
You'd still be my Carla.
Just put me in your pocket and take me with you.
Why don't you sit down and have something to eat?
I'll be home in a couple of hours.
I'm gonna go get the kids.
Look, is there someplace that we could go and talk?
We have an idea that might help.
Let me show you to your new house.
I'm afraid we're not able to provide you with all the conveniences, but we hope you'll find it comfortable.
I also understand that I care very much what happens to you.
Everything's gonna be all right.
It's for your own good.
Tell me the whole story from the beginning.
We all make mistakes.
Joe, you got to trust me.
You're my hero.
Want me to help?
These are good workers.
Well, I want to thank you and your wife for all your help.
I brought my man Charlie here to see how you big boys work.
And I know how hard you been working to build somethin' for yourself and Marcy.
Smart man, he's gonna play his cards right tight up against his chest.
Go get my children and you bring them back.
Don't worry, Mama, we'll find them.
Somebody ought to stay with Ma and Pa.
I got something here that belongs to you.
Well, I sure do appreciate you boys busting me out.
If you got a plan, Jack, you better be letting me in on it.
And when the shooting starts... she'll be there to look after the girls.
I recall this belongs to you.
Thank you very much for your attention and your interest
Can I ask you something?
Oh Mr. Neal, everything ok?
Thank you for telling me the truth.
You deserve it.
He might have a job for you.
You're not dumb.
I've got some job possibilities for you.
We haven't left each other's side for the last two weeks.
Just let me take her back with me.
Don't kick me, I won't shut up.
I don't like reporters.
Scram the son of a bitch.
Goddamn it, do something.
Damn it, shut up!
No way Uncle Joe is going to talk me into cutting celery again.
I told you never to ask me how I feel.
If that's humor, don't bother.
It's just not that cute anymore.
So the basic problem is that I'm still around?
What do you mean, I'm not the type?
Will you shut up about the Army?
I don't think so and I don't care and I don't have the time.
Don't make me shoot you.
Any of you guys call me Francis, and I'll kill you.
You don't know a damn thing about soldiering.
I ain't talking about that crap!
Look, if you don't want me in your Army, kick me out... but get off my back.
The absence of a plan is ridiculous.
You are in trouble!
What the hell do you think that I do?
I change cars like other guys change their fuckin' shoes!
Why you gotta shout?
If not, get the fuck off my car!
What am I, a fuckin' stranger?
Mind your own business, would you?
Who the hell are you to ask all these questions?
And I don't care whether you go down with him or not.
What's this bullshit?
Just stay out of this.
You're dead, you sons of bitches.
I've called you dozens of times.
Don't raise your voice to me.
I can raise my voice in my own home.
Stop yelling.
I hate this whole thing.
You're not telling me everything.
I'm not hiding from anybody or anything!
Die, you bastard!
I want those two guys banished from her life.
Will you let me sleep?
You stay away from my baby.
And you can't make me.
Shoot him!
All right, Savannah, that's enough.
You get in trouble over there, and I'd have a hell of a time gettin' you out.
I can't afford a fuckin' dream house!
Hey, Beef, if Charlie says the van was empty, the van was empty.
You should have learned by now!
I won't let Jessica live like this.
I'm not coming in there!
If you have something to say, say it and get out.
I hate when you do that.
I'm not going down there to get a tan.
Why must I always be the one who puts the cat out.
There's no bloody exits.
Get the fuck out of this country.
Shut the fucking blinds, will you?
You know I am obliged to report you to the authorities.
Charlie, you had no right to do something like that.
You are so infuriating.
Why don't you leave me alone when I'm sleeping?
I'll get a lock on my door and keep your ass out of here, Mookie.
I hate this frigging place.
Why don't you both shut up?
Turn the fucking water off!
I hate this place. I hate this place.
You really think you know what's best for us, Pino?
I don't care if you fire me this exact fucking moment.
If you're saying what I'm thinking you're saying, you better not say it because I don't wanna hear it.
Get out of here!
Nobody gives a shit, believe me!
I don't owe you jack shit.
Why don't you shut the fuck up?
I should have taken the bus.
Shut up and get your ass here!
Hey, you can't talk to me like that.
No, I told you I don't wanna do that anymore.
So this is what it's gonna be, huh?
I'm gonna see it if I have to go blind trying.
I strongly suggest you don't mess with G-Fresh anymore!
You mess with him, we mess with you!
I don't want the money if this is how you have to earn it!
I hate you!
What the fuck?
Goddamn it.
Leave me alone.
What the fuck are you on about?
Get out of the way!
What's the matter with you?
What the fuck?
Son of a bitch!
Maybe we can go get a drink?
Do you feel like having Italian tonight?
You like that Beaujolais don't you?
Have you found your perfect woman yet?
Don't start without me.
Don't have a boyfriend?
How did it go?
Let's go to bed.
And you will call me in a couple of days.
Let's go and see my cousin.
I have information for you.
You wanna run get me some?
I'd like to see something by the end of the week.
Well, I can tell you some stories.
However, just at the moment, I have drinking to do.
Heard you walking around in here, figured I'd drop by.
What does that say?
Just give me some coffee, will you, babe?
I was wondering if your guy could treat my pool.
Let's hear more about Earl.
I'm gonna take another picture.
You like fishing?
Hey, did you collect from the Ryans yet?
And I'm gonna make you a pussycat.
Well, we should probably eat, is what we should do.
And there's this great Cézanne coming up for sale in a very messy divorce.
I'd like to speak to...
And when you win Oscars, both of you, you'll look in the camera and thank me.
You wanna dance?
I need to get up to see some people named Kittredge.
Are you in tonight?
If you let me stay with you, I'll tell you.
But I'll meet you at the Waverly movie theatre.
How long is your program?
They'll throw a parade for you.
How do I look?
We can get cheap tickets from Jessica's parents.
Jonah, bring some of that stuff.
Maybe when I come back, the two of us ought to spend some time alone.
Can I get you a drink?
I wanted to surprise you.
I just invited him to dinner.
Shall we play ball, boys?
Let's see what we have here for our guests.
Let me have a taste of it.
Let me see.
Come on, it'll be great.
After last night, I think she's looking forward to it.
The sooner you get that, the better off we're all gonna be.
Can you tell me where the Emerald Bay Room is?
I want to show you something.
Let me talk to her again.
No time to be shy, ladies.
Let me be the first to welcome you to this afternoon's campaign banquet.
I have something for you.
Tonight, we will feast in his honour.
I want to hear everything you've been doing.
The rest of you will play Peter and Wendy's friends.
I want to play the pain in Peter.
I want to bring the same truth to this role that I brought to Guppy the newsboy in Hey, Hey, It's Guppy!
I thought that's when my life really began.
Then we'll have brunch by my private lake.
I'd love to hear how Junior's doing and, well, it would be fun being with you.
Get me some punch.
Now, they're probably gonna crown us King and Queen of the Costume Ball.
The time in Paris will be so good for you.
Listen, when you guys meet her, just try to make me look good.
It'll save my life.
You got a minute?
Now that you got that, we must teach you how to dress.
I'm going to college but hoping to do volunteer work in the summer.
I got plenty I can do on my own in Las Vegas!
That stuff will knock your socks off.
I'm sure you'll be happy with Wayne Newton.
Why don't you go sing something?
Wanna go have some fun?
Ben, do you think people will see this video in Utah?
I want you to meet this young lady, okay?
We expect the best from you.
Why don't we go and celebrate at some nice, quiet little restaurant?
Let's have a word, sugar puss.
I'll see you later.
What's the good news?
Let's go!
You don't give a shit about him.
I'm tired of this baby crap!
This goddamn town thinks you're as chicken as they come.
Coco sounds like she caught the old man cheating again.
You think the clowns took him up and hung him in the yard?
You made Case feel like shit tonight 'cause he was scared.
You took him to a freaky fortune lady who scared the shit...
What's your problem, jerk off?
Mr Deveraux, you've really chapped my ass and I've had just about enough.
Goddamn, that thing's got more holes than my daddy's rubber.
Because we are food for worms, lads.
Nothing Mr. Keating has to say means shit to you, does it, Todd?
Your breath stinks.
Every day, you give this azupep a dollar for sweeping our sidewalk.
He don't even work.
Look, Doctor, this ain't Korea or China or wherever you come from.
Who told you to step up on my sneakers?
It's disrespectful.
Do your friends put money in your pocket, Pino?
Why don't you get a fucking job, man?
You haven't got the balls to boycott me.
I don't pay you good money to have you jerk me around.
Summertime, all you can smell is the garbage.
God damn, I better not see her naked on payday.
Of course I'm sweating, you moron.
Tina, you don't got a forehead, you got a eight-head.
You're fucking stabbing me in the back, man.
You don't fuck with my box!
Why don't you get a fucking life?
Your money couldn't begin to pay for the window you broke.
Shot by a mad pharmacist or run over by a car while fleeing from police pursuit.
I'll shoot the son of a bitch in the balls!
Who are you to dictate the terms?
She got what she deserves.
And sometimes I think some junkie nurse may be stepping on my medication.
I might have been a lot of things, but I never was a tramp.
He pumps his face full of Novocaine, and then, with his scalpel begins to slice away his features one by one.
I'll be stuck here doing your work while you run all over the city fighting crime or something.
He likes to kick the shit out of white trash like you, boy.
Now we have all the assholes in one room.
Three years I've been waiting to nail your sorry ass.
I don't need fuckin' forensics to tell me this was some punk stealing luggage!
Stronger mouthwash might be nice.
I'm gonna be sick.
Somebody ought to get their ass kicked for this mess.
Jeffrey's too strange and I'm too fat.
Why did you lie to me?
Wipe that fucking smile off your face!
So, now I'm supposed to roll over like a bitch dog getting my belly scratched?
But, God, people can be rude.
People can be goddamn cruel.
Those two lovebirds next door driving you nuts?
Seems like I hear everything that goes on in this dump.
What a dump.
Look how stupid you're acting.
Hey, don't piss on any firewood!
He's such a liar.
You're making me sick!
I hate when you use the word "superfluous".
You gave a stranger who happens to mention my name the keys to our house?
Mom said sleeping with you was like sleeping with a salad with bad dressing!
This kid, bulldozing his way into our lives.
Who, in your high school, has become homosexual or is deep into drugs?
I find it really insulting that you assume it has to be a guy.
You picked up that awful thing to show us your contempt.
These heels are grotesque.
You want to sit around drinking and feeling sorry for yourself.
But I can't express myself monosyllabically enough for you to understand 'em all.
I love tits as much as any guy... ..but why would I pay some hag money for some supernatural chicanery... ..coupled with sagging, wrinkled boobs?
You got something against fat people, too?
It can look like Ratcliffe's knickers for all I care, just as long as I get off this stinking boat!
What can you expect from filthy little heathens?
They're savages, savages
Come on, you flabby old goat, give it to me.
That's why your wife dumped you.
These stalls are awfully dirty and they're backed up.
Ten years of tap dancing lessons and this is how you repay me?
That ought to teach those Moonies to stay away from my house.
Those dirty bastards!
Way too much weird stuff goes on here.
Oh, this place is such a mess.
Yeah, he's a first-class asshole, that's for sure.
I want you to know that I hate your fucking guts.
You can just fucking die, you fuck.
What is it with you boys and your war toys?
I don't make deals with peasants!
You're lying.
Edie, they'll kill you too.
This looks like a mind-fuck to me.
I worry about you, that's all.
School's gonna be a problem for the kids.
It tried to kill my Raymond!
It's a monster!
She had a bit of an accident back there.
You know, Pran is not gonna last five minutes out there.
Please I don't want anyone to be bad to my wife.
I'm trapped, Sydney.
I fear really fear for the future.
You'll land us all in prison.
This means Siberia, for sure.
I'm not ready for this.
To tell you the truth, New York frightens me.
I have to warn the Soviets in the clearest possible terms that they risk taking us to the brink of an armed confrontation with incalculable consequences for all mankind.
These terrorist attacks are aimed at you.
Anyone in your vicinity is in danger.
Isn't that rather exposing the First Lady to some risk?
I am not prepared for wells to run dry!
I think we're being set up.
Beth, you're making me very nervous.
Yeah, then why are you trying to hurt me?
You're scaring me.
Is Mommy going to be all right?
They'd never approve of that being released.
She pulls back on the trigger and at that moment I wake up screaming.
I had the most frightening experience.
I'm in a strange man surrounded by strangers in a strange room!
I can't breathe in here.
Benny, look out for the Red Car!
When he finds out, he's gonna be mad.
I think I'm gonna faint.
It's not going to be a problem, is it, Tess?
I don't know what the hell to do.
It's gonna be a massacre.
We've to get out of here and get help!
They really do know where I'm hiding, Geoffrey?
It's a trap.
Right in the middle of our celebration... the firebase got hit by a mortar attack.
I'm trapped.
You know what would happen if Chet found out?
Get out while we're still ahead and alive.
I want you to be on fucking guard, man.
Somebody's gonna get hurt.
So what's gonna happen to me?
Are you trying to get me killed?
Your parents'll kill me.
Are you gonna shoot me?
Somebody help me, please.
I don't want any trouble.
That's dangerous.
Are you following me?
It's a cruel disease.
Go to bed at night happy and then murdered.
What is schizophrenia but a horrifying state where what's in here doesn't match what's out there?
Paul could've been killed by that intruder.
She's going to die if you don't help me.
Guns make me nervous.
But they're all dead.
I need your help.
Watch your head.
Be careful.
Is he dead?
What happened?
Get down!
It was an accident.
Help me!
Something's wrong.
Somebody help me!
Really, I've never been happier.
I like it!
Things were going wonderfully well.
You're the prettiest woman in the room, sweetheart.
It was very nice to meet you.
Yeah, he's alive and well and living in Phoenix.
As a matter of fact, you look great.
You're so beautiful.
Well, we've been very happy here.
We've been very happy here.
Wasn't that wonderful?
Adiran, I'm just very happy to be here.
I got a great personality, you ask anybody.
Hey, it's another delightful day here in vacation land.
I know you're crazy about me.
There is nothing like a good cigar.
She's a beautiful tough cookie.
Actually, I'm feeling pretty relaxed now.
You sure are pretty.
I really liked the idea.
This is great!
The town is perfectly all right.
I love this!
It's nice to have company for tea.
They gave me a piece of candy in the store.
You're positively an incredible human being.
And in the enchantment of the moment, we'd let poetry work its magic.
Spirits soared, women swooned, and gods were created, gentlemen.
For the first time in my whole life, I know what I want to do.
The most beautiful poetry can be about simple things like a cat, or a flower, or rain.
I was good.
I was really good.
I'll hit you with nine quarters per package, and that's just cos I'm feeling good.
We got a good thing goin' here.
It's good for the soul.
That's a nice outfit.
I love it.
Isn't technology wonderful?
God, that's beautiful.
It's so nice out there.
Isn't she gorgeous?
My heart is packed so full of love for you.
Now, these legs are very nice.
Excellent!
Very good!
Oh, very nice.
This is good.
You make me very happy.
Is that a fine-lookin' woman or what?
Chad had a great time.
Wally had a great time.
A smokin' good time.
They send you champagne.
How wonderful!
Isn't this the finest time?
I want to get down on my knees and thank God.
I remembered why I loved paintings in the first place, what got me into this.
Although I think it's a very fine Kandinsky.
We came outside giddy and reeling.
That is a beautiful thing.
That night was the happiest night I ever had.
That was the happiest night he ever had.
That was magical, that Salinger stuff.
I only have sex when I'm happy.
This is really fun.
People who truly loved are likely to love again.
Thank Victoria for the nice dinner.
I'm glad you liked it.
I love the smell of commerce in the morning!
Where do you get those wonderful toys?
Seriously, she is a woman who loves our great state.
Look at all the smiling faces.
I'm so glad you've come home safely.
Ever since the first day I laid eyes on you, I knew I had to be yours and yours alone.
Your hair looks nice today.
I think I've finally found a sport I like.
Boy, you sure are a good-looker.
That's why audiences love me.
That sounds swell, Corky.
I think you're cute.
If your mother were alive, she'd be so happy.
Lunch was wonderful.
I got offered a part in a movie.
Oh, you're the best, Joe.
It does feel better to get it out.
Go on, give yourself a treat.
Oh, you make me so hot!
I have an idea!
I love him.
I love it.
What a pleasure.
It's good.
That was fun.
How thoughtful.
Perfect.
Well, that's easy.
Home sweet home.
Great!
That's sweet.
It'll be broken by dinner.
No, I just thought we could spend the day together.
I get pissed off, my wife gets embarrassed, the kids are confused.
Carol hits the ceiling and throws me out.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, you know...
I'm talking too much.
The Shaffer woman died today.
My father's in the hospital again.
You can at least, for Christ's sake... lie to me.
I don't feel so good.
Maybe he's got the flu or something
We know you're sad, buddy, but you gotta go to school.
I have no idea what to do.
It's too late for that, Victor.
I wish I could have made her understand.
The queue was endless.
I hate my life.
They said I was crazy, so they sent me to a mental hospital.
It's a bit humiliating, always borrowing Anatoly's place.
I think I care too much.
I have worked and struggled to make myself an American.
I didn't mean it that way.
When I think of that kid, I want to cry.
Because it was my misery.
Now you know that the saddest thing in the world is life.
Our lives are woven together in a fabric, but the connections that make society strong also make it vulnerable.
And then three weeks ago I suffered a nervous breakdown.
When we first went there, Ben, he could barely speak.
When Michael died, Erica was only five.
You think you should have done something different but it's not your fault that Erica died.
My father died of a heart attack.
I had no right to put you through all that.
Don't look so depressed.
Teddy never made it.
Little Katie's been so lonely...
I've been stuck here for 20 years.
It isn't like it used to be.
The death of Neil Perry is a tragedy.
And he will be missed.
It's hard being a dope fiend.
Yeah, but he's not gonna take me along any more, is he?
Don't know if I'm ever gonna get my nails done now.
This kid's cryin', man.
I promised your father I'd take care of you.
I just hate to see a good man go to waste.
If Helen found out, it would kill her.
This is a very sad day for me.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I guess this must seem pretty pathetic to a guy like you.
I feel like such a fool.
Well, you know, there wasn't much we could do.
Mom, Casey died.
He got run over by a car.
My grandparents were killed in the war.
Our kids, struggling through their lives.
Everyone sees this thing except me.
As it is, this is not the life I want for our children, for myself and for you.
She just seems, I don't know, lonely.
This is not my day.
I could burn in hell for the lies I told about you.
And what most people don't see... is just how hard it is to do the right thing.
I'd be so happy if that were really true, Evelyn.
I was the world's nicest guy, and they ruined my life for no reason.
Sorry about that.
That's not good.
She's gone.
You're killing me.
I can't do this.
I miss you too.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I can't do this anymore.
So it really is the same old Sparky that we all knew and loved.
Don't you want to go to New York?
I thought they said they was from Rome.
You sound further away than that.
You're happy all the time?
Sometimes, in the middle of the night, I sit up and wonder where I am.
You don't like jazz, pal?
How'd they know you were on this train?
I thought they were with Mackenzie.
Fritz, are you leaving the company or something?
Is that what you're worried about?
Oh, God, it even has a barn.
What brings you back so early?
I didn't know you were a music aficionado.
I haven't seen you around their office, though.
Why should today be any different, you know what I mean?
It's funny, she didn't mention a husband.
I can't believe it myself.
Hey, who turned out the lights?
I just saved your life, and you still don't trust me?
You look different.
You walk awful fast for a little thing don't you?
Damn Charley, this is your last wish?
Look at all that underwear.
Why's she making those funny noises?
That's not bad for a blind man.
Isn't this the same desk...?
I don't know what to say.
Where are the females?
I haven't seen you for a week.
I saw it, but I didn't believe it.
You don't believe that stuff, do you?
That's very rare.
I thought politics interested you.
How did you find that out?
Oh, that's what you're working on?
I thought you weren't coming home till tomorrow.
Daddy, you found Suzy!
You sure this is the right address?
Why is there a statue of a husky?
Oh, this is a Kandinsky!
He promised you parts in Cats?
You've been to the top of the Sistine Chapel?
So, I heard you we're going to propose to Brandi Svenning in some theme park.
You have the most unusual name, too.
This is a better game than I thought.
I wondered why I was suddenly being treated with respect.
Look at all these happy families.
My goodness, you have such an attractive little garden here.
I don't think I've seen you before.
Unbelievable.
Oh, my goodness.
Holy shit.
You're kidding, right?
Wow!
Oh, my God.
It's unbelievable.
It's a miracle.
I don't believe it.
Are you serious?
Oh, my God!
Why am I here?
Why are you here?
Holy shit.
Are you kidding?
How do you know?
I've done what I can for you.
I'd really like to help you.
Tell me the truth.
It's OK, I was thinking the same thing.
Well, we'll figure something out.
I'm sure there is a very logical explanation for all this.
I won't leave you.
I'd prefer it if it was you.
That's what friends are for.
Are you feeling well, Anatoly?
I think it's safe.
Thank you for protection.
I respect your new life.
You've been greatest friend to me.
My mother and dad'll help us, I'm sure they will.
If central government should ever fail, power can be transferred instead to a system of local officials dispersed across the country.
We thought you'd be safer on the ground.
I've always had faith in him.
I learned it from you, Fritz.
Phil Nozaki was a good cop.
Yes, I was responsible.
You don't have to thank me.
I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't been there.
And we learned a lot from you.
Jack, since you're not going on the cruise, I could use you at the store on Monday.
I need a lift home.
No, honey the drink's on me.
It almost feels like you're one of us now.
And it's like she wants to be my mentor, which is exactly what I needed.
You're in no particular danger, I think.
I'll need help bathing and changing.
I heard you're having some trouble finding help.
Thank you for keeping us alive.
We're your family now, Chavez.
You are my only hope.
I supply arms and equipment to anyone who will pay the price.
They are perfectly safe.
Hold my hand, please?
I think you might be my best brother, too.
You got to learn how to forgive.
I know I can always count on you.
Even though it may seem silly or wrong, you must try.
You see, Pino, this is a respectable business and there's nothing wrong with that.
We want to thank you all for making our lives just a little brighter, here on We Love Radio.
I may smack you around every once in a while, but I'm still your brother.
Sal, I gotta go see my son, if it's all right with you.
Tom knew his way around the old neighbourhoods.
I'd known Tom since I was an altar boy.
I know the feeling.
He's really been like a father to me.
I need you to give me some money.
He's a real pro.
Helen and I really did care about you.
But our kid will have a loving mother and father, and all the advantages that I can give him.
I could sure use your help.
Yeah, let's talk business, my friend
We're together on that, aren't we?
You need a hand with those?
You can depend on me for an additional overcall of 250.
He was very understanding.
Well, I'm going to trust you.
You deserve a nice, clean place.
I got faith in you.
This is the right path for you.
How can we ever repay you?
Can you share with me?
I understand.
Close your eyes.
I've got a surprise for you.
Follow me.
No more tears.
Don't worry.
Maybe you're right.
Let me explain something to you.
Promise me.
I really appreciate that.
I have something for you.
Can you explain that to me?
Let's be honest.
Good boy.
Don't worry.
I know he was your friend.
I promise.