You wicked boy.
Louder!
Explain yourself.
Tell him it's none of his business.
We're fools to tolerate it.
You know the rules about smoking.
What do you want?
Why should I turn this bank over to anybody else?
Why, what is the matter with you?
You better start reforming, Cyril.
If I thought you were the slightest bit interested, I would.
Well, we won't stand for it.
You're forcing us to take action against you.
But I won't stand it any longer.
Go on, go to work.
I don't care if it's important or not.
If you hadn't promised so faithfully, I wouldn't have planned the whole thing.
I wouldn't laugh if I were you.
Don't you forget that I'm still the headman around here, too.
What's keeping you?
Where do you think I've been?
Say, don't annoy me.
I got troubles of my own.
I'm not afraid of you.
I'm not interested in what you think.
You've no right to do it to him.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
You mind your own business.
Then you did it alone!
What more do you want?
You'd better tell your friends, too.
Tell the boys anyone caught arguing with a depositor will be fired.
Come on, what are you fellows gaping at?
We don't want speeches.
Don't you think I know it?
Stand back, Inspector, or I'll shoot you.
This is only going to make it worse for you.
Get out!
If he pulls a gag about the run, we'll murder the guy.
I don't want to hear it.
If you don't get married, I'll fire the both of you.
I told you not to come into the lobby.
Hey, wait a minute!
I hate them.
I don't like your tone.
I did not ask your advice.
I think you'd better go away.
Did you write me that letter or not?
Get out!
You can't do that to him.
Be quiet.
Take him away, and the others, too!
For if I'm not physician, how is it I know that you're a dying man?
We kill the rebels, we kill the rebellion.
We, the hunted, will now hunt!
Silence, Willoughby!
I'm not interested in anything you have to say.
You'll not take her while I live!
Then I'll take her when you're dead!
I might have expected your thanks for what I've done this day... but very well, let it be so.
The girl is my concern, not yours.
Take your hands off!
I'm not concerned to hear your reasons, man.
That'll teach you to go around saying things about people.
If you continue to annoy me about this girl... who is no responsibility of mine, I'll have you arrested.
Quiet!
What's the matter with you?
Who took the Scotch from my closet?
I don't understand it and I don't like it.
You've caused enough trouble.
I can't stand it here any longer.
This is plain stubbornness and you know it.
I don't need entertaining.
I don't want any luck.
Even if I told you what was the matter with you, you wouldn't admit it.
One thing I don't want is to start this endless discussion all over again.
I'm gonna speak to your ma!
He took her out buggy-riding in the late afternoon without a chaperon... and then he refused to marry her!
Aren't things bad enough without you talking about dying?
You ain't very friendly, are you?
Stop!
I don't see how you have the gall to face me!
What is it you want?
Don't you doubt Miss Melly's word!
Say it, then, and get out!
Turn me loose and get out.
If I wanted to come in, no lock could keep me out.
Oh, now, Mammy, be reasonable.
No time to argue.
You're going into the arena alone.
You'll never take my child out of this house.
She's my child too.
If you were a man, I'd break your neck for that.
I'll stay here and shoot him if he comes back.
And just what do you want me to do?
This is no time for jokes.
He'll take orders all right.
I won't have this conversation carried on by the children.
You made the appointment without me.
I'll brain that guy.
Come back, here!
Let me at him, five minutes.
I'll make it right with you.
Go back to your work.
We're the only ones who can afford to be honest.
You ought to be shown up.
Dear Senator, have you got any idea what it takes to get a bill passed?
I don't want to complain, but there's an institution called dinner.
You can't take a bill nobody's heard of and discuss it among 96 men.
Everybody calls you plain Saunders, why can't I?
Might hit him on the head with one.
What's it to you?
Cut it out.
I won't take it!
Nobody's gonna make me do that!
I'm clearing out of that office everything I own.
A lady wouldn't work for this outfit.
Go home!
There are a hundred other places that really need the water!
What's he got to do with this thing?
I object to you coming here.
Either he falls in line or I'll break him so open they won't find the pieces.
What's your interest in this?
I called him a liar.
For heaven's sake, stay there!
But you still haven't answered me.
I never signed any contract!
Did you bring that guy in here?
I've got a piece to speak and blow hot or cold, I'm gonna speak it!
I was in that room!
I will follow the Senator's example and refuse to remain in this chamber as long as that man holds the floor!
Stall their deliveries, push them off the streets!
Bury them for 24 hours, give me time!
I don't care what it costs!
This can't go on, it's ridiculous.
I wouldn't give two cents for all your fancy rules if behind them they didn't have plain, ordinary everyday kindness.
It's the blood, bone and sinew of this democracy that great men handed down to the human race!
I hate to stand here and try your patience, but either I'm dead right or I'm crazy!
I want the whole morning edition a blast to push him off the floor.
It's a crime against the people who sent me here!
We are on an official mission... and we have no right to change the orders of our superiors.
However many questions you ask, you never expect an answer.
No, we can't be disturbed.
You can't come in.
You have no right.
I did not permit you to come in here.
Will you get out of here!
We haven't anything to discuss with you.
All I want to do is make things as difficult as possible.
That telegram from Moscow, why should you bother about it?
We don't like Razinin.
We don't like him.
That's enough.
I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative.
We can't feed the Russian people on your intentions.
It is out of the question.
You can't go around hurting people like that, Comrade Yakushova.
You do me an injustice.
I won't let it happen.
I'll tear it out of the calendar.
You took away my czar, my country, my people.
He says that France will uphold it in every court... but I will drag you through every court, don't forget that.
That's the trouble with you.
You can tell the Kremlin that's just the beginning!
I should hate to interrupt my present work.
Don't waste my time, comrade.
You've done it again, and I'm responsible.
Is it possible to bring you back to reality for one moment?
Who gave you this idea?
You must not do this thing to him.
Stop it!
Don't "Your Majesty" me!
Move, I tell you.
Break every mirror in the palace.
I never want to see one in Whitehall again!
I command it!
I'll put an end to it.
And whoever holds Ireland points a dagger at the heart of England.
There can be no quarreling here.
I'll make friends and enemies to please myself.
Don't joke.
I'll not go!
That's not for you to say.
I'll have something to say about that.
We're not on the same side.
I'll give her your message with my whole army.
Let's finish with pretending.
I shall live and he shall die.
I told you not to count it.
It's still my hat, you know.
First we steal his gun, then we shoot.
We are not gonna pay you nothing.
Wait a minute!
We'll show them you're not afraid.
My grandfather wouldn't have anything to do with him.
Now, if you'll pardon me, I'm busy.
Pull yourself up.
You say you're sorry and we'll let you go.
I don't like your faces.
Drop that cannon.
Drop gun.
Get off of that train.
You break the brake.
Get away from that wood!
Drop that wood!
Keep to your seat.
What are you staring at?
Come here!
Well, tell Mrs. Danvers to get to the bottom of it somehow.
Now what put that into your mind?
I decided to come down here and have it out with both of them.
When the boat seemed a safe distance from the shore, I took a spike, and drove it again and again through the planking of the hull.
You may believe what you like.
That's what's the matter with you.
And what makes you think that note would interest me?
Well, people are entitled to leave cars outside if they want to.
I have no intention of drowning with you.
Who dares to....
No more of such talk, do you hear?
Don't a man have a right to know what he's signing on for?
We'll have him watched from now until the day he sails.
Do you question my word?
I will not be held accountable to Phillip for my actions... or for those of my people.
Out of my court before I order your arrest!
By what right do you question me?
I'm quitting the game, Charlie.
What kind of a deal is this?
So, don't try any funny business.
Why don't you keep out of this?
Now, you stay put and listen to me.
You can't see him because you're not dead yet.
I can't believe anything you tell me now.
Don't fight, Joe.
Fine mess you got me into.
Get out of here before I throw you out.
What are you calling me Joe for?
I do declare, it looks like my head's gonna split open with all this singing and yelling and hallelujah-ing.
I'm getting darned sick of the way she's acting.
There's a lot of things she could ask me but she won't say one darn word.
I don't gotta pay you for that.
Hit him in the head.
Well, I ain't scared.
You just wait.
You mean I can't have me no credit to grow me no crop this year?
Well, I can't understand that.
Bessie, is you going out of your mind?
Shut up!
Shut your mouth, Brother Jeeter.
Ain't nobody in the world gonna drive this except me.
You shut up, Dude, and listen to me.
Hush that yowling.
They made me mad.
I sure hate to lose her for some reason or other.
This ain't no poor farm.
Well, really, you must do something about that memory of yours.
Don't want any more of that.
You can't hold me without a warrant.
Get out of here!
I'd Iike to have seen his face when he found his account frozen.
It's Oextry I want to see squirm.
Shut that door!
That's enough of that.
I'm against whatever you're planning.
Scatter and keep your mouths closed.
If you think I'm the kind to mess with anybody comes along ...
Why you raising' up a lady's hopes like that?
But I don't give up so easily.
What do you want here?
What is it to you if I leave?
How dare you, sir!
I shall prove the contrary by retiring to my customary retreat, unassisted.
If you want to catch that boat you better stop talking.
Who cares, we're getting outta here.
You're staying here till the real law comes.
Let that be a lesson to ya.
I'm sorry, gentlemen, but the order is final.
You're going to be one unless you do exactly as I say.
Did I spend 9 years with matadors not to learn about fear and safety?
I'll still be alive, when you're all dead!
Kill him!
How many times must I to tell you?
I'm not afraid of your threats.
The devil with him!
What are you looking at me like that for?
I'm a nice guy up to a certain point, but don't get me sore.
Stop, you!
Bert must be crazy.
I don't like this house.
Keep your own tips.
It don't do nothing for me.
Oh, you're just exactly the same.
Or did you think to find me grown gray completely?
Shut up and put your hat on!
No man is gonna make a liar out of me, sir.
We don't want advantages, and we don't want prejudices.
You want to give her another shot at him?
And then I shot him.
Don't exaggerate.
For the tenth time then, will you stay out of this Attinger thing?
May it please the court, I submit that my entire line of defense... is based on the proposition that persons of the female sex... should be dealt with before the law as equals of persons of the male sex.
That woman as the equal of man is entitled to equality before the law.
Every living being is capable of attack... if sufficiently provoked.
I don't want my picture taken.
What's biting you, Adam?
I can have you arrested!
I know something about the law... and there's gonna be a law against you!
How stupid of me!
You'll never get me to give this up!
What are you all gaping at?
I told you to keep away from that radio.
Get those bags in, and get in fast!
You think I'm dumb enough to give myself up to the T-men?
I pulled that Springfield heist, not Scratch Morton.
Maybe a kick in his skull would do him some good.
You think you're the only guy in this paw that wants out?
Let me decide what to do with it.
Nobody leaves unless I say so.
I don't like being pushed around.
Nobody has any reasons I don't know about.
Get back on the job.
I have rights.
Do exactly what I tell you and there won't be any problems.
Unless you're afraid of getting burnt.
Get rid of her.
How do you expect to enjoy your honeymoon if you can't relax?
I shot him.
You're driving me crazy.
I hate this river.
Pull yourself together and I'll let you go.
No one picked on you, Stephen.
I'm doing very well on my own.
Don't talk like that.
How many times have I told you to keep away from my desk?
That is a menace.
You have to have enough imagination to visualize the crime.
It's wonderful to feel her throat crush under your arm.
You go when I tell you to go.
You're not making my job any easier.
It upsets me that you suspect him, even for a second.
Nobody can call me the things he did.
Well, why didn't I know about that?
You can't hurt him like this.
Are you going to come or do I have to drag you?
I refuse to answer, sir.
I am not unauthorised.
Reluctantly, I may add.
You've overlooked several other important details.
I refuse to sign it.
They been bothering me.
It would be a start if you'd let Jeff go.
Kathleen, that was meant for us.
You youngsters, be quiet.
That's too much gun for a man to have just for shooting rabbits.
And see that you get out of town.
No deal!
Aren't you ever satisfied?
That wheel is enough to drive anybody crazy.
Being right ain't gonna do us any good.
No use leaving all those repeating rifles lying out there to rust.
All right, now, send that woman and her young'uns out!
I didn't ride out here to pick blueberries.
Supposing I don't tell you?
I can smoke you out of there easy.
What are you thinking, Lieutenant, that I'm a coward?
Listen, my folks is important people in California.
I will, if you don't stop nagging me.
I ain't gonna be a nobody.
Do not say to me that I have anything to live for.
Let's change the subject.
Who cares where he's going anyway?
You heard what she said.
But get on with it!
Don't need anybody right now.
We have a shop rule here, no liquor on the premises.
Nobody goes no place here without I say so.
Who do you think you are butting in like this?
I'm blowing this place.
And don't waste none of his time, because he ain't staying around long.
He won't eat any steak.
Do you want to be a truck driver again?
Now get the smile off your face.
You're not telling me anything I don't know.
Don't look at me like that.
Cut out all that talking, Leo.
I didn't say come in.
There is to be no retreat, not so much as one millimeter.
I'll argue with him about it later.
It's not a matter I want to discuss, I tell you.
If we are to be defeated, then we prefer to be defeated... as human beings, not as barbarians.
I'm not trying to amuse you.
I'm merely reflecting on your extraordinary good fortune.
What do I care about your philosophy of the soldier?
I've told you that a dozen times.
Make peace, you idiot.
I was not jealous.
Honey, I'm trying to read.
I wish they'd both go out.
I ought to run him out of the house.
Things like that are none of our business.
Don't talk like that.
Then why put up such a front?
You're imagining things.
Turk, don't make fun of me.
Don't you dare.
Cut the conversation.
Give a girl a chance to breathe.
Well, I don't want it.
Honey, please don't stand like that.
I ain't gonna call her any more.
That will be enough, Hans.
Not another word from anyone.
Hans, why do you keep on making trouble for us?
Two years an apprentice, and still the nails go in crooked.
I've got my own life to worry about.
When Mr Burda's feet hurt, he drives the whole house crazy.
Stand here and argue.
I know her far better than you do.
Keep the line straight!
I just did that to torment you.
Move in time to the music once in a while!
Get out of town!
Back in the village when they made fun of you, I wanted to kill them.
Be a good fellow and get out now.
He never turned up at all.
Be quiet.
What must it be before you're satisfied with it?
You know, you can't actually think.
I told you it was hot.
I told you I didn't want any calls.
Anybody can type.
You know, you're expecting too much from that formula of B-4, Mr Oxly.
You've caused me enough trouble already.
Listen, Esther, or Rudolph, whichever one you are...
Figure out which one you are and call back.
Don't you dare turn that off!
Besides, according to your story, you weren't exactly 100% scientist after you took it.
Don't you raise your voice to me!
I'm not raising my voice!
Don't pretend you don't know the reason.
If you lay a hand on her...
You are just one too many!
Do not trifle with your luck.
He's taken it again!
We don't have to give you a cent.
Behave yourself.
I don't think we want to talk any more.
What'd you wanna write that for?
It isn't, and you're gonna erase it!
I'll tell my mother!
Oh, now, look what you've done!
Leave that paintbrush here!
You wait till you see what I do to him!
He's being evasive again.
Don't you call my husband names!
Get these men out of here.
He'll never see another if he doesn't learn about Rommel's artillery.
You just made it up.
Get me a prisoner, understand?
It's your decision, but if you make it you'll be no good to yourself or anybody else.
Seriously, must you keep your bicycle in the hall, Father Benoît?
Aren't you human?
Well, don't be so mysterious.
How much further into the rectory are you going to push it?
Well, that was a personal matter.
Are you listening?
My wife doesn't have to answer those questions.
That is hardly for you to decide.
You can hardly expect the jury to believe that a woman in love doesn't attempt to meet her lover.
This line of questioning doesn't seem particularly relevant.
My argument with Villette had nothing to do with any sudden realization.
Take off that collar!
Put the gun away.
No, you don't know what it is.
Let 'em have it!
We'll search out their weaknesses.
Pay attention to me.
Look, if I'd have been careful piloting that reconnaissance plane during the war, you wouldn't have had the chance to take the pictures that won you a medal, and a good job, and fame and money.
Neighbors like each other, speak to each other, care if anybody lives or dies.
Well, don't bring his troubles to me.
Get it and no one'll get hurt.
Leave me alone!
Just take your meat and get out.
Do what he says.
What do you care?
Well, what's there to talk about?
I don't want him hollering out any windows either.
You ain't calling the tune!
Next time, I'll wipe 'em on you.
Now get out there and cook!
About time!
Don't imagine things, Ellie.
I said no!
Get upstairs, miss.
Don't tell me to take it easy!
You must never do anything like that again, ever.
I'm not leaving this house today!
I want to kill you.
I said pay him!
I'm busy as the devil!
This is a private conversation.
Stay out of sight.
You're in no condition to discuss it.
You stay out of this!
I can take care of myself!
You ain't gonna take no car.
Leave me alone.
With her, it would be marriage or nothing, and that's out of the question.
You're always taking me out to the summerhouse!
Tell them to hurry it up.
Get out of my way, Frank.
You realize your contacting the saucer violated our instructions.
I can't get this blasted thing started.
When a threatening power lands in our capital we don't meet them with tea and cookies.
Paris has always been able to crack your neck.
I left orders not to be disturbed here.
Do as I tell you!
You are wrong, Menelaus.
I'll see no one but Achilles as leader.
You are too outspoken, brother.
I don't know why he gets so worked up over unimportant things.
Are we supposed to just sit here and wait?
There's no need for you to try and scare us, Mr. Buchanan.
You know, I'm not responsible for the complications of international law.
Then you'll have to have permission.
Mr. Starbuck, are you opposing me?
Then why don't you obey?
Stay where you are!
We'll arrest him.
We'll get him out of town.
If you don't mind, you owe me two more for tiring out my cattle.
You can give me two dollars extra for making me nervous.
Alex, will you let me finish?
You didn't say grace.
That's enough.
Don't think I'm too scared of Wade's gang to do what's necessary.
Shoot and you'll hang for murder.
Get out of the way!
And if they try to, they'll find you dead.
One more word and I'll cut you down!
You'd better listen to what he said.
One more shot and I'll cut you in two.
I'll kill him!
I was bored to death.
Don't talk like that.
You've got to be realistic.
I'll put you back on the team, but you must promise not to drown out the other children.
But if you do not work hard you will be punished.
You may have overlooked the fact that the use of officers for labour is expressly forbidden by the Geneva Convention.
My officers will not do manual labour.
You will order your officers to work.
If by the third count you and your officers are not on the way to work I will give the order to fire.
I could have you shot.
Because of your colonel's stubbornness we are far behind schedule.
As he said, it's against the rules.
This is war!
I will not have an officer from my battalion working as a coolie.
It's a question of principle.
As medical officer, I protest to the way he's being treated.
I do not think you quite realise my position.
I warn you, colonel if I am to die, others will die before me.
Perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my personal command.
I hate the British!
As you can see, the available forces have been badly distributed.
Don't call me commander.
Out of the question.
You might as well dump it!
I didn't give orders for a halt.
Honestly, sometimes I don't understand you at all.
Kill him!
If the rights of the individual are not respected by the group, the group cannot exist.
I know you don't mean any harm, but you are in everyone's way.
You've gone out of your mind.
Bring her back, girls, alive!
Let me be the judge of that.
What's got into you?
Get out!
Well, run out and get him!
Don't tell me I did that!
I dunno what that cleaner's doing, but tell him to cut it out.
Eat your breakfast and forget it.
I've already seen a doctor.
You think that's gonna fix it, huh?
So make them pay.
Do you have to make such a racket?
Oh, shut up!
Either you take care of yourself or I, too, shall resign.
I've never liked him.
I protest against the way in which this question was put!
Don't come in!
I didn't ask you, Orr.
Don't start that again.
Turn left, you son of a bitch!
Smack him in the face!
I don't want your tomatoes!
The men aren't gonna be happy about what you've been doing.
Because she can't stand him!
No one wants to fly with you.
What the fuck...!
They won't care about one girl when thousands die every day.
You have been making things terribly difficult for Colonel Cathcart.
It's all your fault.
You don't know me.
I didn't ask you.
Forget it.
You touch White Buffalo again and I'll kill you.
You people can either help me, or stay the hell out of my way.
I'm gonna get anybody who had anything to do with it.
But you're affecting the lives of a lot of other people.
Maybe you should have let Mother make her own choice.
I should've killed him when I had the chance down in Guadalupe.
It's gonna cost him more than that.
He ain't gonna get my hide.
We'll blow it open.
You know what's gonna happen to you if you don't surrender!
Run away now or I'll kick you.
Listen to me!
You mustn't speak to Little Big Man like that.
Give me that!
Let go of my rifle.
Get out of the way!
You got me down in this goddamn water.
But they don't know that I intend to attack them without mercy.
You want me to think that you don't want me to go down there, but the subtle truth is you really don't want me to go down there.
Don't try to tell me my business.
At 10:00 tomorrow morning, I want you to bring into my office either a letter denying emphatically that your remarks had any mystic implications or a letter of resignation.
I am through being a go-between for you and your dream girl.
Get off my roof!
I'm not hearing this.
My seat belt's too tight.
You can't guarantee our luggage!
First you waste my time, then you get my name wrong!
Why didn't you tell me before my wife left?
You expect us to stand all the way?
By stepping on a bottle and breaking the heel of my shoe!
If I don't get a room, you and your hotel are fourth on my list to be sued!
My lawyer will get all this information, along with a doctor's report about my stomach and her ankle.
What did I tell you?
Stay there and don't move!
Move it, man, move it!
You shouldn't fool with that.
None of our business.
I hope you get in trouble some day!
A lot of people are going to pay for this night.
Can't you walk faster?
If you'd walked when I said, I wouldn't have been there.
OK, let your network know they can expect a letter from my lawyers.
st Louisiana Cavalry.
I want to see a warrant.
You damned near got us all killed.
I'm tired of being pawed.
I'll ask the questions, you just nod or shake your head.
I want them to pay for it.
Are we gonna rescue an old man or stand here and argue?
Speak up or I'll shoot.
Don't come no closer!
And I ain't gonna repeat what he said.
The answer is no, unless you want your boy killed.
Think I'm a fool?
Listen to me and keep still.
You are not going!
I'd give every horse I own to get a chance at that fella.
Tom, don't try it.
Stop arguing!
No, you mustn't!
I am speaking strictly, Hasslein.
You better be careful.
We'll catch 'em sooner or later.
If you won't give it to me, I'll shoot.
Keep your men here!
No, I don't want no drink.
Don't you say a word unless I ask you to.
Then if you ain't my pa, I want my $200!
I want my $200!
If you don't give me my $200, I'm going to tell a policeman how you got it and he'll make you give it to me, 'cause it's mine.
You're too young to smoke!
I don't care if we got it!
You always blame me!
I ain't a boy!
I don't want you smoking in the car tomorrow.
That's what you're always talking about, helping other people out!
Keep your voice down!
She's always in the bathroom!
Son of a bitch!
Damn!
I'll hit him!
You can't arrest me here.
All this talk's just wasting time.
Goddamn law is ruining the country.
Why don't you kill him.
I ain't making no money watching you boys sleep.
I got my shotgun full of 16 thin dimes.
Damn it.
Kiss my ass.
Anyways, I don't give a damn.
What the hell you doing?
You get your ass over there, Gate.
One of these days, when I get my boat built I'm gonna drift out of this damn territory.
I don't want you saying nothing about the Kid and nobody else in my damn county.
You're goddamn right you got the wrong room.
Who in the hell you looking for?
Make a move, jockey, and I'll splash you across the sheets.
That's how it looks in my report unless you've got something to change it.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
Don't even think about it.
Cross, man, it's gonna cost you.
I absolutely do not wanna hear about it.
Will you shut up?
For God's sakes, put yourself in my position.
And don't try anything funny, cos you know what you'll get.
How do you know I won't trick you and turn you in to the hands of the police?
I hate you.
Stop whining and eat your "shikseh".
You can't land here without written permission!
Miss, you can be quite sure that I shall report this to the proper authorities.
Get out of my way.
I hate you all.
I will not be one mind with you!
We're seven minutes behind schedule.
Wait till I ask Dad if this is any way to run an airline.
You haven't bothered to find out?
Why don't you just let us get on with our job?
Listen, you son of a bitch.
How may times do I have to tell you?
You're annoying me.
You're ruining it!
Keep your voice down.
Open the goddamn door, Alice!
Don't mess around with it, and it won't mess with you.
Mess around with it, and it's going to kill you.
We weren't even there very long, and I had to buy all those darn dresses.
So far, I hate it.
That's how much you bother me.
What the hell's going on out there?
In that case, why don't you go to that last table... sit down, shut up, and don't move?
How would you like the holy hell kicked out of you?
All I asked you is where the hell Vera is.
I'll stop the car and push you out, and you'll walk the last mile home.
What the hell do you want?
Could you guys shut up in there?
Tough shit!
Why don't you just get out of here.
You... shut up!
What the hell are you trying to do to me?
I don't feel like answering any more questions.
What they do with the tapes is their own business.
I live only for revenge.
That is the most ridiculous thing I ever heard in my life.
I can't tell you that!
Don't touch the money!
Fine, till you come along.
Well, I don't give a damn about the reason.
You can beat it out of me, but it won't do you any good.
I don't care what you found, boy!
And you're gonna have to blow me up too!
After that, I don't care if you've found the Holy Grail.
This is so goddamn boring!
If you want Mr. Gabler to leave this house alive you must convince him you're healthy and happy.
And don't bother sending a bill, either!
Get on out of here!
I said you're smart, but I'm not a fan, OK?
You could have alerted us!
I put my ass on the line for nothing!
I don't give a damn.
Over my dead body.
I'm not that high.
If you ask you're going to get an absolute no.
Take the son of a bitch!
I hate you, Braden!
Now try winning a game for a change!
Fuckin' machine took my quarter.
I don't wanna have a stinkin' fight again.
It's fucking embarrassing.
Put my fucking car back on the track, will ya?
Don't touch that television!
Don't bother your daddy now.
What the fuck you talkin' about?
Fuck him.
Drouin, open your fucking eyes!
Take that sentence back!
It was self-defence, for Christ's sake!
We're kickin' the shit outta everybody.
I got my eye on you.
You pull one thing, you're out.
We don't need you here!
Gimme that damn mike!
Nobody's gonna ruin the union!
We ain't never been friends.
We got nothing to talk about.
I'm not gonna sit here and be accused of things without any evidence!
Then I got pretty tired of you and your pianos.
Mike, give me a break, will you?
Martin, don't press it this time.
Are you telling me I don't know what a shark looks like?
Be quiet!
Get out of the way!
Of course I'm talking about Delta, you twerp!
Get back in ranks!
I asked you never to speak to me again.
Besides, I have to go to the goddamn senior honours dinner tonight.
Not another word!
You can't take the car!
Just kiss my ass from now on.
Now you've had it!
What do you mean, you're downstairs, you idiot?
And I don't share my husband with anyone!
How you going to stop me?
Then, unless you want to spend the next 20 years of your life in prison, you will do exactly what I tell you, when I tell you.
Don't push me too far, Donatella.
Don't walk away from me.
What's the matter with you, Liz?
Isn't it hideously plain to the naked eye I'm in love with you?
Fire the security department!
I want every one of them out of here.
I don't care about Prager!
For God's sake, listen to me!
Turn off that goddamned alarm!