He's waiting for you.
How about two foursomes of golf, huh?
You could make a handsome profit on your stock.
Well, we want our dough.
When he comes out, tell him I'll be back.
Helen, tell Matt I want to see him.
And after dinner we could go...
Mr Dickson wants to see you right away.
And you and I are going out together.
I'll step you around this town like you've never been stepped before.
We'll have dinner at the St Regis, go to a nice snappy show, then to a nightclub, sit and listen to the soft music, and who knows?
I might break down and dance with you.
I'll wait for you upstairs.
Are the payrolls ready for tomorrow?
Come on up for just a few minutes.
We'll have just one drink and then we'll go.
I'm going to call up Lou now.
Don't lose a moment.
I'm going right down.
We want it now.
How much longer is this Dickson going to hold out?
All we want to do is talk to you.
I want to ask you something.
Dickson, I'd like to talk with you about the bank.
I've got to get in there.
You've got to come out.
I'm going to put a lot of money in here.
We've been waiting...
Mrs Dickson and I are going on the honeymoon.
I'm going to tell him someday just exactly what I think of him.
What news have you from the factory, dear?
I can't wait.
I want a room, a big room.
I want to speak...
See you later.
But there's tomorrow.
I wonder if I could remind the Baron of his promise... that I might speak to him at any time?
I wonder if the Baron would take the trouble to come to my beautiful room?
I wonder if you'd like to see my bathroom?
Be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam.
Our train leaves early tomorrow morning.
But I'll speak with you later.
We're going home.
We were just going to dance.
You wanted to see me?
I'll see you later.
Are you coming to the theater?
Come and fetch me, chéri...
I've always wanted to go to Paris.
Will you be back for breakfast?
There's something I'd like to ask you.
We'll have a crew yet!
His Excellency's waiting for you!
And I'm willing to pay for what I want.
He'll come here first.
This will be our child.
Yes, I'll be with you in a minute, Mr. Peabody!
Susan, I hope this time you've come to stay.
Ned will tell you exactly when to put in an appearance.
Is there anything else you'd like to know about me?
Better make it tomorrow.
Darling, tell me, when are you to announce the exciting news about Julia?
Shortly after midnight as a surprise.
You'll have a lot more fun with Julia.
Let's go downstairs and celebrate.
Linda, now you must get married.
I'll do everything I can to make a success of it.
We'll keep her here, won't we?
I hope to see more of you, when you're free of the spell of Mr. Wilkes.
The war will be over in a few weeks, and I'll be coming back to you.
When the war's over, Ashley.
I'm going to join up with our brave lads in gray.
Aunt Pitty'd be agreeable, and I'd like a long visit.
You come in and sit a minute with me.
But I will come back.
Oh, Rhett, can I have a chocolate one stuffed with meringue?
Then I'll take her a petticoat.
Will you take me away from here?
We'll go tomorrow.
And when it comes time for her to marry... well, she'll be a little princess.
I expect the angels fights on your side, Miss Melly.
All you need now is a divorce, and your dreams of Ashley can come true.
I'm going to Charleston, back where I belong.
I want the Governor's residence, Jackson City.
Tell Jim Taylor I'm coming home.
If you and Joe'll gab on about this appointment, I'll see the committees.
We'll hurry.
He'll show up.
Boy, that'll be something.
You know what I'll do in the morning?
It will be a fine thing to do.
It'll put you right in the mood.
If we could get the poor kids off the streets for a few months every summer and let them learn something about nature and American ideals.
This is the calendar for the day.
See you in the White House, Joe.
When the Vice-president calls you, I'll meet you in the centre aisle.
You can talk all you want to now.
He'll be a good friend.
It'll be great experience for you.
I've been aching to mention it to you.
I'm anxious to get back to the office.
It's simple and I'm helping, so we knock it off in three or four days.
Couldn't we have something brought in on trays like big executives?
I said, shall we start...
Go right ahead.
Let's get down to particulars.
Let's get on with this.
Are you ready?
The show is about to commence.
I'm taking him out to see monuments.
I would like to come to your camp.
She may be the next first lady.
If you're going to wonder, let's go and do it over a steak.
Let's get married.
Okay, then let's get going.
Meet the man I'm going to marry.
We're gonna get married.
I'm taking the next plane home.
I'll call when I'm through with Smith.
Come on over to my place.
Let's go in.
We could be rich, if you say the word.
We won't have to worry about our future if you're willing to raffle off your past.
The Count says if it could be as soon as possible.
All right, I'll see him right away.
Yes, all right, I will call you later.
Gentlemen, how about a little lunch?
I just said, let's have some lunch.
Listen, a special envoy is coming from Moscow today.
Let's not waste any time.
It won't be long now, comrades.
How long must we wait here?
The elevator will get you up in three minutes.
And now, I'll show you the greatest attraction of all.
You might be an interesting subject of study.
No, but the mere thought makes my mouth water.
Where shall we begin?
I will start with you.
Yes, I'd like to say it 1,000 times.
While you are studying it, I will eat.
Not until I've made you laugh at least once.
I'm going to tell you a funny story.
First, I would like to take off my hat.
Let's go to some other place.
It'll all be over by Thursday.
You never finished the one about the two Scotchmen with the names.
I want to talk to my brothers.
I want to overthrow the Grand Duchess.
Now, let's have some music.
I have lots of things to attend to today, Leon.
Darling, your present just arrived.
I want to see a friend of mine, a very dear friend.
The opera starts an hour later tonight on account of the parade.
I'll tell you later.
You know I told you that Pavlov and I are going to get married... when he comes back from the maneuvers.
I'll travel wherever there are Russian commissions.
Come live with me And be my love
Let me finish, sweet.
Your blood will be on fire to lead some new command, some far adventure.
We march tonight.
I'll speak with you first.
When he gets off the train, he'll pick up some gold and send it to me.
A dollar's a dollar, and every dollar is taking me further West.
I'll get a job until I get a grubstake, and then I'll try again somewhere.
And tell her her old granddad will be back soon.
We're gonna be rich!
I've got to get a contract signed.
I'm expecting a baby.
Now he'll be able to have everything he's always wanted and couldn't afford.
Another miracle will happen.
Gentlemen, how would you all like a mint julep?
If you insist, I'll have eight more.
Come on, let's sing.
Let's sing!
I feel another song coming on.
How about some more mint juice?
In a week, I can sell them anything.
We must be coming to the station.
We'll be out of this tunnel in a minute.
Here they come!
But do sit down and have some coffee.
Now that we've found each other again, I hope I shall see something of you.
I'll drive you somewhere in the car.
Let's go home.
You would like to see them, wouldn't you?
I'll design a costume all by myself and give you the surprise of your life.
All we want you to do is tell us what you saw.
With England conquered, nothing can stand in our way.
Northern Africa, Europe as far east as the Urals... then the New World, to the north, to the south... west to the Pacific, over the Pacific to China and the Indies... will our empire spread.
You'll soon be in England now.
Now to business.
We'll find out someday.
Now, we better start all over.
I mean, I want to be something besides just a plain fighter... even though Murdock is a champ and a swell guy.
I'd love to go with you, Mr. Murdock.
Brother Jeeter, will you join me in a song?
Let me taste it.
Come sit down here beside me, and I'll give you a horn of your own.
Come, let's go get that automobile.
One of these days, I'm gonna spend me the rest of my life in one of these hot...
Well, maybe things will be better over there.
Well, I hope you've managed to get the money, Mr. Lester.
Yeah, I can just tell the way it smells that this is gonna be a great year for cotton, yeah.
Got a chance of a job there?
We're trying to get to a place called Soda City, a couple of hundred miles north, I think.
You know, I think I'll go back East and work for a while.
Havana will be very gay this season.
I got to catch that boat.
I'm gettin' me a gun, some liquor and a gold commissioner.
Waiting for an answer.
Oh, it will be a beautiful attack.
I'm going for wine.
Then I'm going to write him a letter right now and cheer him up.
There'll be other dinners, Phil.
Have a cigar, Kirby, and I'll join you.
Why don't you go play the piano?
How I'd love to hit the jackpot.
I'll be back.
This job isn't going to be like any of the others, Hank.
We'll get a new one.
Tonight, I hand in my resignation.
I'll talk to you later.
Why don't you have another one?
We're going to celebrate.
I want some more beer.
Someone will pass by soon.
Maybe they can take us.
Tonight we'll meet our contacts.
I'll have a ginger ale with a twist of lemon.
But I won't know till tomorrow, along about noon.
Can we have coffee?
I'll go back to Chicago and be a Fuller Brush girl.
Are you going to be married?
I want some orange juice, eggs, bacon, toasted muffin and lots of coffee.
This is what I'd like to have someday.
Let me see the jewel.
Prepare to dismount!
But in no time at all, you'll be soldiers.
Once again, and faster.
You think you'd like to try that before you eat?
In six months, we'll have the finest drill team in the world.
You will dine with me?
How about a cup of coffee?
Soon as we get to Riker's, we'll sleep then.
You see, this'll be my very first own home.
And how about some pepper and salt and vinegar, eh?
You can be famous.
No, let's sing about us.
Would you like a little more tea?
Won't you tell us all about it?
When I get home, I shall write a book about this place.
If I hurry, perhaps I might even be home in time for tea.
Then when I'm good and ready, we come out with a big extra.
Let me have those things.
And wait till you see the pictures.
Wanna hear what I wrote about you?
We all wanna get out, and we're going to.
By Tuesday, everyone in the state will know you.
What's the latest?
We're really gonna have a great time.
One of these days, I'll get the facts and print them.
Maybe I'll run into you.
Maybe you'll buy me a couple of drinks.
Then I wanna make a speech from the top of the hill.
She'll look like a million.
I'm ready.
If we take them out now, they can fight again tomorrow.
Let's have coffee together.
We'll discuss it later, whenever you're ready.
We're due back in Berlin as early this evening as we can make it.
What about a little music?
You better have something for me.
Bruce is coming tomorrow night.
Company's coming.
No, but you know that bottle of whisky we had in the kitchen all this time?
Tomorrow, you'll be looking for a new cobbler or a new teacher.
Don't you want to hear the rest of it?
No, some day I'm really going to Copenhagen.
Imagine, Hans, you'll be the first.
I've decided to go to Copenhagen, just like I made it up in a story.
Well, what are we waiting for?
I will behave beautifully this afternoon, you will see.
Shall I tell you the rest of the story?
Although I'm a duckling today, tomorrow I'm a swan
I couldn't possibly sit still.
You and me getting ready to go to the opera house in Copenhagen.
Tell us about the king!
Oh, I wanted you to see this advertising layout.
That's one of the things I hope the formula will alleviate.
What might be the first reaction?
Oh, we can do lots of things by then.
Oh, I'll get the hang of it soon.
I'm gonna be good, you wait.
Listen to this.
Undoubtedly we can expect something soon.
We're standing on the brink of a new world, and...
I could do with a lot of that.
We'll have Tobruk in a few days.
Now, listen, stow the chatter, mate, and get on that banjo.
You reckon this'll make the colonel happy?
I'll see you tomorrow.
Our supply convoy, already at sea, will arrive here tomorrow night.
I think that both Rommel and I can promise you a very interesting week ahead.
Here, rally round and I'll show you the points of interest.
No, I've got to see you.
Willy will soon be here.
I've been waiting to speak to you, Father.
Any news yet?
I thought you might be interested.
I'm gonna get a closer look at it.
Let's find something to eat.
Future history, he said.
Here comes another truck!
One more week.
Let's open the wine now.
Well, I'm going to make this a week you'll never forget.
Coffee will be ready soon.
How about that drink?
You know, I think I'll start reviving that tomorrow.
Doyle, I've got something really big for you.
I hope it's gonna be a hit.
I'm gonna take you to all the capitals of all the countries in the world.
Come on out here with me and I'll show you.
Are you going to look for gold?
I can't wait.
What time is the next news?
As soon as I get it, we'll make tracks.
The dough will come in the morning.
Let's get started.
Will she be back soon?
We're pressing for the earliest possible action.
But I'm expecting a courier any minute.
If I find anything out before you get back, I'll telephone you here.
Ladies and gentlemen, the famous Jo Conway has gladly consented to sing a few songs for us tonight.
Sir, I want to see what whaling is like.
We'll meet at the rear of the hotel.
You want to look out at a peaceful scene?
Next time, make it good.
I was wondering if you'd care to join my wife and my sister and me in a game of bridge?
I'd love to.
Would you like to meet her?
Do tell me more about her.
Before we go, you must play the piano for us.
I'll come back to see you very soon, and I'll write often.
I can't wait to see that Nickie Ferrante.
Tomorrow we begin again.
By the way, here's something that'll interest you.
Dovitch, I can't wait to tell you about my feature for the next issue.
Can't we walk and get friendly, or better acquainted, or something?
If only you knew how anxious I am to talk to you.
The professor wants to talk to me.
See you tomorrow.
This test may tell us why.
Any day now the doctors say they may find the antitoxin.
How long before we'll know?
I would like you to meet a few of the exhibits here on the platform.
Sir Wilfrid, if you don't mind, I'd like to read you a poem to welcome you back.
Let's try it, shall we?
How much farther is it, Mr O'Malley?
With your permission, I'd like to show you something I've had printed.
We'll be home soon.
Did you bring some gold with you?
There sure is gonna be some interesting people at that party.
You got time for a drink?
We're opening a store and a bank, aren't we, John?
They'll be back in two or three days.
All right, let's go shopping.
Well, it ain't much now, Olga, but me and my partner, we got big plans.
I'd like to meet this man and smoke with him.
Who wants to be first?
And, Daisy, we have a breathtaking adventure in front of us.
Now, Warren, what time do we meet tonight, huh?
When will you come back to me?
You'll be impressed
Think they'll give me a job of responsibility?
If I get the job, I'll buy you one hundred of 'em.
Where's a good place?
Two minutes more and we'll know if your idea was any good.
I've waited a long time for this.
How long will they be?
Señor Marlowe, I want to show you our town.
Going to have dessert when we finish our hot dog?
The show goes on in five minutes!
I want to sit in front.
We could get a house and everything.
We'll have a whole factory.
I'll bet in no time, we could have a whole new car and everything.
Will you be blessing this house with your presence for dinner?
You boys hungry?
And we are going to get drunk, Cross.
He should come out of it any moment.
Someday the revolution will come and we can overthrow our leader.
Come on in here and you just sit right down here, you little cutie.
I've ached for this moment.
The directors can't wait for these reports.
I'll have my work all finished by the time you get there.
Hey, do we have a sexy crew tonight?
It's a small part, but the producer said the next picture I'll have a bigger part.
I'm going to see if I can talk to that young girl.
Here it comes.
How long before we land?
Honey, dinner will be ready in about 30 minutes.
Mom, are we in Arizona yet?
I'll get a job.
Did you bring me a present?
Yeah, I really want to know.
I'll earn enough money to get us to Monterey.
You ready for some eggs and grits?
If you come with me into the other room, I'll show you my idea... if you'll show me yours.
Let's stay just a little longer.
Hey, Paul, you going to the convention tomorrow?
God, it will be so good to be finished with all this.
Why don't we all go to town?
Mr Buchanan, I was wondering when you'd let me have your blue car.
How about the movies?
You have to come and see us as soon as we get back.
I've been thinkin' about gettin' on the highway patrol.
Get anything yet?
Boy, wait'll they see what we found.
General, our discoveries will change the outcome of the war.
The one we've been waiting for.
If that's true... this should be very exciting.
In the interest of the West's greatest horse, the bronco and myself, who grows them, I'm putting up an extra $1,000 to the bronco rider who wins!
Alex, I'd like to hear it speak.
I want to see it.
I want to feel my bones burst into a billion pieces!
I promised my body to a woman tonight.
And then you get free.
Think that lady in the red dress'll go home with me?
I'm expecting great things from you.
My ambition is to win all your contracts, own this club and run it my way.
I'd like to say hi to all the guys down at work.
Let's just win the game.
We go to Florida and I get the money.
We're looking forward to a real contest.
Tonight's the night.
We could have one fucking good hunting trip tonight.
First we'll get you legal and tuck you in bed with Angela.
We're going airborne!
See you Monday on the train.
Let's go have a drink!
Hey, Axel, how about some beer?
Who you gonna ask next?
We're going sailing.
You going out tonight, Otter?
This year, it's gonna be different.
The Delta Tau Chi house is having a party tonight, and you are cordially invited.
So if you're not busy, you want to go to a fraternity party?
Buy me a dinner tonight?
Busy tonight?
When do I get the money?
This should impress the bankers.
I want to go to Krakow.
And what's more, I'm going to marry you, Terenia!
I think you will find it interesting, Miss Roffe.
You want to give the bankers good news tomorrow.
How soon can we have this on the market?
You made money with him and you'll make it with me.
But I promise you that it will be the biggest innovation in the history of this business.
I also think we'll know very soon who it is.
Another day or two, we'll know for sure who it is.
I have a lot to tell you tomorrow.
Everybody ready?
I think you'll like it.
The van is waiting to take you to your "Live at Noon" spot.
I'm going to the zoo.
I'll be here for a couple of days and I'd love to see you.
Spring's gonna be early.
I'm looking for a girl.
Did you remember to get my dress?
They'll all be hitting on me.
So I figured while I'm here I'll lose a few pounds.
Because tonight we're gonna go out and kill a wild boar.
Sergeant, does this mean we're through for the day?
Okay, girls, go get them!
Ladies and gentlemen, the big event you've been waiting for.
Okay, who's up for the Vatican?
I'm gonna bust your butts... to make this the best damned outfit in the European command.
Stop talkin' and start drinkin'.
My friends and I would like to party with five of your girls in Porky's Pen.
How many girls can we have for 100 bucks?
I'll give you a night to remember.
I wonder if there are any kites around here we can fly.
I'm gonna get her.
Let's see what Rosario has for dinner.
I was just gonna come see you.
Mr. Kersey, you wanna join the party?
Can I cook dinner for you tomorrow night?
Let's go to a nice place.
Pick you up in an hour.
Think he'll give me a raise?
I'll get my dinner.
You gonna come in soon?
I'll call you later.
Are you ready for my surprise?
I'm taking over the LA office.
I think we'd better have a drink.
What we have in mind has never been tried before.
Doctor, will my brother be able to come home to the farm soon?
I'm very excited, Simon.
When we return, we're getting married.
But how about lunch Saturday?
I want to know absolutely everything that's happened up till now.
Would you like to hear something?
I'll get us some burritos and Cokes while you pull a few.
When you come back, you got good jobs.
Let's take a walk.
Dad, I wanna go swimming.
Let's have some fun.
I wanna go to Chicago.
The men are anxious to celebrate, Captain, and they're waiting on you.
I'd like you to ride with us.
I'd like to see the rest of the guns now.
I guarantee these women will bring a good price.
No, because in a few hours we'll be at the Rio Grande.
There's a village back there, and you know they got some girls there that would just--
Kate's going in there and lend a little comfort to the prisoners.
What do you say let's take a little ride?
Take me to them, please.
I'm gonna get the girls.
We'll be getting into Chihuahua tonight.
Yeah, well, I got something I want to ask you.
Just wait and see.
Carlo would love to say hello!
Dr. Chandra, I am waiting for your reply.
I'll get on it first thing.
He'll be at the beach tomorrow.
Come to the beach tomorrow.
When's the next ferry?
You'll hear some good music.
And I'll tell you all about that job.
I'll be in the bar.
Talk to you later.
Axel, you got a cigarette?
I'd like to order something from your late supper menu.
And send down something for dessert.
Could I get some extra mayo?
I want to find out about this place.
Come here for a second, please.
I'm going to smoke when I go outside.
Can I have a Scotch and soda?
The shipment arrives, we nail them.
Sergeant Taggart is here, he wants to talk to you.
Well, I will be very glad to hear it.
By the way, any messages for me?
I have been waiting, for more than an hour.
Aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
If I get this shot, you'll like it a lot better, right?
You can show me your tan.
But it'll look great on you.
Ardsley will be your next stop!
Your car's ready, they called.
Can we have Burger King?
We could pick it up on the way home.
You can give him a hug when we get home.
So what else is new?
You wanna get something to eat?
Yeah, I'm just waiting for the taxi.
I'll call you as soon as I get there.
I wanna see you.
You want a beer?
I'm getting married.
So we're gonna stop off and see her on the way back.
So, you're getting married?
Listen, Molly, why don't you come down with us?
Gonna get another one?
Hey Victor, let's introduce everybody to Sparky tonight.
We'll take care of her later, eh?
I'll tell you something I read once, Myron.
Now's as good a time as any, Myron.
I've had 10 years to get ready for this.
I'm gonna do it now, Willie.
I'm gonna do it now.
How about update tomorrow?
I want to see Rio de Janeiro!
It would make me happy to be a grandmother, Vladimir.
I am looking for blue jeans.
I go back to Moscow today.
You get better sun on our roof.
I must wait for one year?
I would like to know you.
Would you like to dance?
In a few months, I will become a citizen.
I mean, I want to work in media.
You want some vodka?
Would you like to dance?
They'll love it.
You want fantasy, let's go to my place.
I think I'm going to go back in and see the movie.
I'll see you sex fiends later.
What do you think?
It's time to make a move.
I got a surprise for you tonight.
Why don't you sit in with us on it?
Do you want to smell?
I got some news.
Tonight, we go and make party.
Please call me when you get settled.
And I hope that someday you will join me here.
Oh, I'd love to live out in the country.
We were thinking of getting engaged anyway.
It'll be lovely.
They're to get here right away.
What about chatting these two birds up, then?
Make us a cup of tea, Sharon.
Would you like to go out to grab a burger and then go to the movies or something?
Can I have a beer in the same glass?
The purpose of the regatta, of course... is we're hoping to raise about $20,000 for my campaign.
Oh, honey, you're gonna love these-- coconut fudge delights.
I hope you'll enjoy this.
Well, we're off to do some shopping, honey.
Now, how about I fix your breakfast?
Why don't you kids come for a walk with us?
You ready for a rematch?
Want to see a strange object?
I made reservations at Tokyo Rose on Columbus.
Listen, I know it's last minute... but I wanna ask you, are you free tonight?
Well, why not liven them up... with the snack food that's sweeping America.
Gather around, me buckoes, and feast your eyes on this.
I'm having a ball.
Hey, would you get a load of this joint?
Y'all will be reading about this.
I want Dad's yacht fueled and ready for two weeks at Catalina by the time I get there.
Why don't you move in here permanently?
And I'll get even better after the wedding.
I'll be in touch.
Find out anything?
Tell Steven 9:00 is fine for dinner and see if you can get us into Jams.
And, Robin, I want you to get me the CEO of IBC ASAP.
I set up a lunch for you at The Pierre.
Do you wanna make love?
She's a very agreeable child, you'll see.
Tell me about you.
So why don't you tell me a little about yourself?
Do you have any idea when it'll be ready?
We'd like to see Country Baby on every supermarket shelf in America.
The Food Chain will purchase an apartment for you of your choice.
Well, how did it go?
You're gonna love them.
It means we can get back before Erica gets home.
We'd better go or we'll miss the movie.
All right, but let me know what you're doing.
Looks like you're going to have a party tonight.
You said you could supply weapons?
So, what do you think?
How was Colombia?
If you can get to his phones, we'll have our leads.
I want to see Nathan White.
A friend of yours wants to say hello.
Oh, Dan, darling, we were expecting you.
You know, we still got to decorate.
This would make a terrific playroom.
Let me just look at you.
Actually, we wanted to do some remodeling first.
I guess you're looking for a place right away, aren't you?
I've got Scotch, I've got vodka, there's a nice Chablis...
We got a new man coming in.
How am I gonna get to first base with this girl?
God, I've gotta be with her, at least till she learns my name.
And I'd like to get to know all of you by having you write down your name, address, your home and work phone on paper, and passing it forward.
Hey, what kind of news are you leaving me there?
You want to see a movie or something?
They're waiting for enlightenment.
We'd like to welcome you to Vietnam, the country that is more stimulating than a strong cup of cappuccino or an espresso enema.
You skin will look and feel a whole lot better.
I wonder what's on the television?
It doesn't matter how long it takes, we'll be back in business.
I need a drink.
Miss, has the Cowboy ever told you of his incredible tolerance for pain?
Can I have a bite?
There's somethin' I want to show you.
Oh, you're gonna like this one.
Now, you mind if I dance with your wife?
Let's belly up to the bar and get us some refreshment.
I'd like to introduce you to...
They'll be here tomorrow, honey.
Can he stay here for a couple of days?
Dolores, a bourbon, and make it a double.
I think you want a drink.
I want to see it now!
I think your lab boys will find that paint's a perfect match.
Bob's looking for a new assistant and wants to meet you for a drink.
Let's give her a shout, shall we?
Well, I'll fly down to Memphis in the morning and feel them out.
You sure she's gonna show?
How hard would it be to crash a wedding?
Can you get me in to see the Governor?
Charley, you'll come with me?
Gonna be held as sheriff, if they elect me.
We are presenting a performance.
I will wait for you!
I'm going with you.
I always feel rejuvenated by a touch of adventure.
This is a good omen, what?
Mom would love that.
Come on, one more time and you win the grand prize.
Come on, we don't wanna miss our bus.
We should get one of those, honey.
Why don't you come in and join...
Have them send me up some roast chicken and chocolate pudding.
Mr Parker, there's someone I'd like you to meet.
Nice guy, I hope.
They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you.
Let's go, gentlemen.
Now, who's next?
Yeah, I might be going to Yale.
Then you have to talk to him before tomorrow night.
I brought you these and a poem I wrote for you.
Will you be joining us, Mr. Overstreet?
We'll sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it's over.
You're going to Harvard and you're gonna be a doctor.
Peoples, my stomach's been grumbling, but help has arrived.
I want you to get me a quart of beer, Miller High Life.
I'm about to go get a slice right now.
I want some flowers.
If you don't mind, I'm gonna sit right here, catch myself a breeze or two, and then I'll be on my way.
I want coconut.
Maybe I ought to be a hero more often, huh?
I'll be back tonight.
Sal, start counting my money tonight 'cause I gots to get paid.
So, did you watch I Spy last night?
So, do you think you could get me a TV?
Hey, babe, you playin' cards?
Dianne, why don't you take your coat off and stay awhile?
Let's just see what's in there.
Yeah, I'd love a cold beer.
You like the color, Anna?
I have something I'd like to show you.
I was thinking of picking up a pizza and going home.
You're welcome to join me.
Well, some other time, then?
Call me as soon as you find it out.
Miss Beckett, I've been looking for you.
This afternoon I want you to fly to Miami and see the distributors.
Do you believe that the army will have more success?
Well, let them see me.
Hurry up.
We're ready and waiting.
Because you know I'm gonna walk out of that court, just like I did before.