Awkward ass.
I don't like to take mortgages from widows.
By making a lot of idiotic loans?
That's your funeral.
For a celebrated bounder, that is an awful admission.
Liar!
I knew I couldn't trust you.
You're passing up the whitest man on earth for a dirty, no-good...
I always said the Union National was a phoney bank.
The way you've ignored us, you wouldn't think so.
You preached about faith and other rubbish.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about him.
You think you have free license to be insulting?
You are probably an embezzler.
It must have been that damned woman screaming.
Or a liar.
You tell us you're a doctor, you rogue?
He that is himself a confessed traitor.
What a creature must sit on the throne... who lets a man like you deal out his justice.
I hardly consider it fortunate to be bought by anyone by the name of Bishop.
Do you think I'd be grateful for an easy life when my friends are treated like animals?
I was snoring in my bed while they were trying to free England... from an unclean tyrant.
You might choose your company with better taste.
If a man shall be drunk on duty, he shall receive the same fate.
Women will be the death of you yet, Levasseur.
That's a foolish article of yours.
I only hate you and despise you.
I'd sink this ship with all hands before I'd serve him.
And a bad king is bad king, and worse one if he's James.
No doubt the fellow is an impostor.
Now he takes an utter stranger into the family.
It wouldn't take that long if we had the right kind of government.
If you ask me, this is the worst case of downright rudeness I've seen.
I suppose like the fathead you are, you told Father all your little hopes and dreams?
At bottom she's a very dull girl and the life she pictures for herself is the life she belongs in.
I ain't aiming for you to go to John Wilkes' and gobble like a hog!
And when I'm dead on the altar of my country, I hope your conscience irks you.
I don't like the way you're treating Prissy and Mammy.
It's hard to be strict with a man who loses money so pleasantly.
You'll never mean anything but misery to any man.
I do hate you!
It's time you rebels learned you can't take the law into your own hands.
Certainly making a fool of yourself.
If you had any chivalry in you, or were nice...
So the millionaire speculator is turning respectable.
I know you drink on the quiet, and I know how much you drink.
How's it feel to have the woman you've wronged cloak your sins?
You're mistaken if you think I'm leaving her here... with a mother who doesn't consider her reputation.
You think I'll let her out when you'll have her around people like Belle?
I've always thought a lashing with a whip would benefit you immensely.
Either you're a fool or an inhuman woman.
Apparently any mother, even a bad one, is better than none.
I wish it were anybody's child but yours!
Some wealthy, influential citizen merely to curry favour?
They and the page boys are the only real class in the place.
The shameless way in which the deficiency bill has been delayed is nothing short of criminal.
Why don't you tell the truth for once?
This morning they read that an incompetent clown had arrived, parading like a member of the Senate.
If you thought as much about being honest as you do about being smart...
When the country needs men who have courage like never before, he's just gonna decorate a chair and get himself honoured.
The Senator'll make a good orator when his voice stops changing.
I'm getting leery of this guy.
A manicure and a haircut wouldn't do any harm.
Sicking that horrible dame on him.
As if he isn't going to be hurt enough, she has to twist a knife in him too.
The dopes are going to inherit the earth anyway.
I can't think of anything more sappy.
You don't know a dam from a bathtub.
Should I just stand around and let that drooling infant wrap that Willet Creek dam appropriation around my neck?
Our steamroller methods are getting too hard for your sensitive soul?
You're a liar.
He bought it the day following his appointment to the Senate and is using his privileged office for his own personal profit!
Away from all the words, the monuments, the whole rotten show.
An honorary stooge like me against the Taylors and Paines, the machines and the lies.
Is this one of your shenanigans?
I am sick and tired of this contemptible young man!
The people of my state need permanent relief from crooked men!
I'll blacken this punk so he'll...
You're not gonna have a country that can make these kinds of rules work, if you haven't got men who can tell human rights from a punch in the nose.
Taylor has every paper lined up and he's feeding them doctored-up junk!
Doesn't the prestige of the Bolsheviks mean anything to you?
I'm so bored with this face.
What a gruesome proof of the power of the press.
You sit down and pull up your pants and where would it get you?
How can such a civilization survive... which permits their women to put things like that on their heads?
I'm ashamed to put a picture of Lenin in a room like this.
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society.
I know now that you're a man who employs business methods... which in Russia would be punished by death.
I don't resent your not paying me for the past two months... but the thought that I should split my bank account with you... that you should take half of my life's savings... that is really too much for me, sir.
And you know how vain women are.
The service in this hotel is terrible!
That's bad management.
Cecil, this is intolerable!
You slimy toad.
There has seldom been a man so unwise, so headstrong but he could see the necessity of keeping friends and not making enemies at court.
You talk treason and death.
She's got a witch's brain.
You dare hold your queen up to ridicule?
You, who can keep neither your eyes nor your nose or your person where they belong!
Essex, when will you realize how vital it is not to make enemies at court?
Who bow and smile and scrape and spend their nights gnawing the chairs and floors out from under us all.
"All the best fools come from Ireland but only a greater fool would go there. "
You know what happens to stragglers.
She wouldn't leave us here without one word from her except bare dispatches.
Why did I ever trust you?
Or are you lying?
I hated you...
You spoil me for death.
But your love does not match your lust for power.
It looks ridiculous with that coat he's got on.
I don't care how you do it, but you find that desert rat.
Then I turn my back, and he steals a glass.
You don't look as if you had a dime between you.
Boys, sweep them out of the gutter.
Those dopes are trying to crack open the safe.
I got a hunch Quale ain't got his mind on his business.
At my age, corrected by an illiterate.
Stop biting your nails.
I wonder how she likes it now, being ordered about by an ex-chorus girl.
Don't mind my saying so, but why don't you do something about your hair?
I can see by the way you dress you don't care a hoot how you look.
It's blackmail, pure and simple.
It's a pity some of you fellows haven't anything better to do.
I do not drink with thieves and pirates.
You think you can laugh me out of it as if I were a child.
You're the craziest old fool I guess I ever did see.
You ain't gonna have no crop because you got a sin on your soul.
You stole them turnips from Lov and it's the wrong time of the year for stealing.
The Lord don't hold with anybody that steals around planting time and he sure don't hold with anybody that steals and then lies and says he didn't.
He stole them turnips.
That seems to me like a darn short prayer for a sinner like Dude.
Marry a girl your own age.
Take your hands off there, you old fool.
That Dude ought to be ashamed of himself.
You have to wash up all over or no dinner.
Must I remind you that you are the fugitive from justice, and not I?
Just because he's got a big ranch and a fancy pool and a lovely house doesn't mean he's a nice guy.
I wish you'd tell Marigold to shut her silly old face.
But a little more of your stupid behavior and even the respectability of my house won't shield you.
They're doing the catering and making rather a horrid mess of it.
They bomb cities, sink ships, torture and murder, so you and your friends can eat off a gold plate.
He polluted their guts with language that shouldn't be inside of no man!
Right now she has murder in her heart.
If I have to compete with someone, you might let me start on even terms.
You're much too smart, aren't you?
You fooled this young whippersnapper, but you didn't fool nobody else!
There's nothing mysterious about her, she's just a cheap, little...
Now you're lying.
I never saw a more gross neglected duty in my life.
He killed more people than cholera.
Pablo, I no longer trust.
You are an old man who will make trouble with his mouth.
From a year of war you've become lazy, a drunkard and a coward.
Wipe first your chin, drunkard, and then the table!
The wise man gets drunk to spend his time with fools.
You'll see how cold my blood is when that coward comes back!
Lunatics!
What use is courage if you have no head?
Cowards!
You vermin!
There'd be less bills if you didn't raise the kids like I was a millionaire.
You conning him out of the deed without putting down a cent.
I call it to your attention that only one of you has reported here this morning properly dressed.
Woman, go on about your business.
Your word to a breechclouted savage?
Who's talking about cowardice?
Don't be a fool, woman.
You seem easily impressed by numbers, captain.
Well, sir a free translation would be that Meacham's a yellow-bellied polecat of dubious antecedents and conjectural progeny.
There is no room in this regiment for a coward.
I don't approve of people rushing around carrying loaded revolvers.
Is that what they taught you at Yale Law School?
This hysterical Hannah who tried to kill her husband.
What do you think of a man who's unfaithful to his wife?
This is an attempt to paint the defendant as a lunatic.
I'm ashamed of you, Amanda.
Contempt for the law, that's what you've got.
Yet men have killed and proved a reason... and been set free.
This is called inbreeding from which comes idiot children... and more lawyers.
The manners of a great big educated ape.
You think you know something about law.
You're the very animals I was coming to see!
Lads, they're drunk.
A couple months in solitary will cool you off, bugger.
I don't want any of that slop.
This guy's a phony, Cody.
Here's my answer, you dirty...
No, he has other things to do than spend his money on stupid things
No, Richard likes vulgar women.
I'm listening to you eat.
I've had a thousand chances to kill you, dirty, sell out cop.
It's people who should be blamed for the filth, not the river.
Since when is the disppearance of a human being considered trash, in your estimation, Ms Bantam?
This town likes its nasty little, backstairs gossip.
The act of a sick mind with an urge to destroy something young and lovely.
The princess must not pick the polish from her nails.
An arsonist is a person that sets buildings on fire for profit or perverse excitement.
And there's the black hand that did the dirty deed.
One of you better tell the lieutenant that the waterhole I come by this morning is all muddied up.
But when I'm lining up a deal, I don't want any dancehall woman listening in!
She's nothing but a common mobile vulgaris.
Well, she simply said that you're a fat, pompous, bad-tempered old tyrant.
What makes you so cheap?
What's this mess?
I could do wonders with your dismembered body.
I told you no liquor in the office.
Well, when you are fat, you don't move so fast.
I know you women gotta pretend to be offended.
You and Marie are a couple of sluts.
What are you good for?
You can't even cook my breakfast.
You're lying!
That's the stuff he fills the children's heads with!
The piece of chalk had written so many things on the blackboard that it believed it knew all about everything.
You let everyone sit around while you took your petty revenge?
You big fool!
I think Mr Entwhistle is disturbed because he can't take you to the party and dance all over your feet.
What's the vulture doing?
Act your age!
Grown-up men playing with monkeys.
Self-experimentation is against the rules of good research.
Oh, it tastes bitter.
Stay away from her, you wife beater!
I certainly don't consciously realise it, and I think that's pretty rotten of you to say that.
Stop talking like a fool!
One should be able to take care of one's possessions.
Are you a human being, inspector?
You are a coward like all other people, aren't you?
Rushing home to a hot apartment to listen to the automatic laundry and the electric dishwasher and the garbage disposal and the nagging wife.
Can you imagine her traveling around the world with a camera bum who never has more than a week's salary in the bank?
Yeah, she'll wind up fat, alcoholic and miserable.
You have a great talent for creating difficult situations.
Like staying here all night uninvited.
Like disposing of their wives?
Which one of you killed my dog?
What kind of a father are you, anyway?
What have you been drinking?
All you want is my money.
It's an old saying by an old crow.
Next time you try that, I'll forget that you're a woman.
You treat her bad.
I treat her like what she is to me, nothing.
Might wash some of the starch out of you, or rust.
Same place you left your table manners?
It made a thief of Weston, a pig out of Colby and a fool of you.
Don't ever try to come in between, you smart-eyed slob.
You brat!
You letting this joker give orders?
Hal, you fool!
I gotta stop that fool.
If there's any decency in you...
Try something now, the brat gets his.
You ain't learned yet who's running this show.
You take pleasure in torturing people!
Go to your girlfriend's or a hotel, but don't come home.
Hal, get back upstairs with the brat.
Watch your manners.
I'm not going to the chair 'cause that ape got trigger-happy!
That gal's got you all messed up.
We have to watch these convicts and murderers all the time.
I'll disinherit him.
He's as bad as his uncle.
The man who blows his own horn.
Silence this fool, Menelaus.
The truth of the matter is, his skin's as tender as his vanity.
Then understand your place in the palace, nowhere else!
The girl you thought you knew was quite nameless and without reality.
My brother seems to have forgotten his courtliness.
If you don't tell me all you know, you become an accessory before the fact of murder.
She'll lend you an air of respectability if that's possible.
Don't you realize that Americans dislike having their children stolen?
To be enraged with a dumb brute that acted out of blind instinct is blasphemous.
Suspicious old goat.
Why did you have to sit there listening to him?
Kind of reckless of you.
Yeah, I bet she was a real beautiful girl before she met you.
You've got a real twisted mind, haven't you?
You beast.
I do hope it won't affect your ego!
But you haven't had much respect for them.
I can hardly wait for you to grow up.
Do some more rolling and tossing and thinking about it.
You are spoiled.
No need to mock the grave.
From the moment you surrendered, you ceased to be soldiers.
This is only just for it is they who betrayed you by surrender.
You speak to me of code?
The coward's code!
Since you refuse to abide by the laws of the civilised world we must consider ourselves absolved from our duty to obey you.
Murdering unarmed men?
He is unworthy of command.
I intend to make a full report of your activities in this camp.
You are defeated but you have no shame.
There's no order, no discipline.
We mustn't forget we wasted a month through an unfortunate disagreement for which I was not to blame.
Sabotage, demolition, that line of country.
The whole thing's a fake.
Don't talk rot, Clipton.
It's superficial.
You make me sick with your heroics.
You carry the stench of death like the plague.
When Harold doesn't get his laundry, disaster!
The facing page looks as intellectual as a snake.
Most people think they're beautiful dresses on beautiful women.
And that you not only look like, but you are, a mess of worms.
That's very rude, refusing to dance with Mimi.
You must come from the Stone Age.
Why not throw some empathy my way?
I have asked you here to meet the woman selected to represent the most discriminating publication in the world, Quality.
It's time you woke up to your responsibilities.
Put these in water, blabbermouth!
It's ugly, old and musty.
In hospital he'd hide cigars and brandy all over the place.
You'd better get a man with younger arteries.
Bear in mind she's a foreigner, so prepare for hysterics, even a fainting spell.
Look at his crooked smile.
That stupid little bastard.
You think you're pretty smart, don't you?
Why are you smiling, you silly bastard?
It is a lot of crap, sir.
Don't you have any principles?
No morality?
You talk like a madman.
You're a one-man disaster area.
Bastards!
Shoddy work will not do.
Milo, I'm gonna kill you, you murdering son of a bitch!
He was my friend, you dumb bitch!
You dumb bastard, why didn't you get some girl off the streets?
You've murdered a human being!
You can't take the life of another human being and get away with it!
Have you no patriotism?
You're a disgrace to your country!
How did you get to be a captain?
Just what we don't need around here, some scrawny, milk-drinking...
And if you don't understand plain English... maybe there's something else you will understand.
This greaser was just trying to tell me how to run my business.
The smell.
He's a gutless wonder.
Don't lie to me, you pepper gut.
And there's a big difference between love and infatuation.
Your husband is harboring a killer.
You're too little and weak, like a girl.
Younger Bear was just trying to hand me the worst possible insult.
Saving his life was the final insult.
You murdering fool!
You're a liar, boy.
Men will believe anything, the more preposterous the better.
Why have you come back when nobody wants to see you?
You bastard!
I was a friend of the Human Beings until they stole my wife.
This starved duck?
You humiliated him again.
Idle boasting, I assure you.
Young man, your self-righteous piety is commencing to annoy me.
Your miserable life is not worth a reversal of a Custer decision.
This life is not only wicked and sinful.
The time had come to look the devil in the eye and send him to hell where he belonged.
Anything that man tells me will be a lie.
But, of course, she's lying.
Well, you see, over here, you know, in the United States, they have these big companies that send out these personnel directors to these colleges to sign up the bright students and their wives.
Trying to make me crawl and cower and cringe and admit to your monstrous lies.
Hasn't got a halfpenny to his name.
It's such a ridiculous...
That's rude.
This is not behaving in a company way.
That's incest!
Weak, a go-alonger, no character!
How can you stand there dripping all over their lobby with no heel, no luggage, and say it's my fault we have no room?
There's no need for sarcasm.
You found it on a bench, a dog's been at it...
I should feed a strange mouth?
Ever since they lost our luggage you have been sourcastic with me, and irritable, and insensitive and intolerant!
How can you be so inhuman?
If there's any justice, let him get mugged by the man who took my watch!
That you don't want to live here, or in Chicago, or San Francisco, or any other place where people have to live on top of each other, and they don't have enough room to walk, or breath, or smile.
You stole it.
A boy that I watched grow up was in that car that you threw the hornets into.
They're trying to take his old man's land.
Then they'll tell him the way to keep his boy from being hanged is to sign over his ranch to them for a quarter of what it's worth.
Find out where he hides them deeds and all the stuff he's been stealin'.
He's lying.
Humans are dumb.
A marriage bed is made for two, but every damn morning, it's the woman who has to make it.
Would we have approved killing him in babyhood when he was innocent, or killing his mother, or slaughtering his remote ancestors?
You can't make a dead man's knee jump any more than you can test a corpse's reaction to a prefrontal lobotomy!
Nobody makes a fool out of my wife.
You'd prefer the parents dead, too.
But, in a democracy, we do not shoot unarmed suspects on sight for a murder in which their participation is still unproven.
Stand by and see his wife insulted?
You know that the child of two primitive apes will never learn how to speak.
And dead fish.
I was taking out on her what I should have been giving you!
Get naked and tell me the truth about my money.
Think them folks would spend a penny to send you east?
All she do is waggle her hips and shake her behind.
Pat, keep that mule's asshole away from me before I have to break him.
Enough to spread you out like a crazy woman's quilt.
Or it's just Bob that smells like street shit over there.
Repent, you son of a bitch!
Wanted for horse-thieving down in Seven Rivers, ain't you?
You are dead inside.
So much you had to take up with that low-down piece, old Hyatt.
What are you doing with that piece of sheep dip?
Well, I still want him for that train robbery up at Springer.
You'll make a good living cow-thieving.
Time's over for drifters and outlaws and those who got no backbone.
You're crazier than a mule-humping goat.
And anyone who doesn't do right according to nature and my mother I will blow his head off.
Man, what are you, some kind of frog-watcher?
You chickenshit bastard.
They were bred for degeneracy.
You're beautiful, Jean, but sometimes you have the bad breath of priests.
There will come a time, when those who sit above me will want you delivered.
You're still an idiot.
You still serve that dull, grey stupidity.
I don't like your type in my streets.
I've lost another man and that bastard thinks it's funny.
Another keen son of a bitch.
I bet he has fleas.
Crazy out of your skull.
It's a bit like Monopoly, only more people get hurt.
He had a bad moustache, a lot of bad habits.
There was a group that helped criminals get guns so they could shoot citizens.
Strange that I should be called a destitute woman when I have all these riches locked in my heart.
While you were being a pawn in capitalistic society,
He's great if you happen to like a tall, blond, Prussian, Nordic, Aryan, Nazi type.
It's disgusting.
I think I could turn and live with animals.
You're liars.
And you are the biggest liar of all!
We don't commit murder up here.
A man who would come here as a virgin.
A man who has come here as a fool.
You are the fool, Mr Howie.
The penis is evil.
But the gun shoots death and purifies the earth of the filth of brutals.
These images will pollute us.
Obscenely decaying flesh.
Every little sin and misdemeanour, raked over and over.
So if you're bad often enough, you'll die.
They're malicious and vicious, so in and out fast.
You idle apathetic!
It's a disease.
And we are no longer victims of this violent, convulsive act, which so debased women and betrayed men.
You are a mutant.
An end to the human race that has plagued this pretty planet for far too long.
To kill the brutals who multiply and are legion.
You murdered your own god, by accident.
No man, woman or beast will ever desire you again.
I've seen men rape an old crippled woman in a wet ditch.
We few... the rich, the powerful, the clever... cut ourselves off to guard the knowledge and treasures of civilisation, as the world plunged into a dark age.
Such vanity.
Imagine getting gussied up like this to watch a lot of Supreme Court judges chew.
I just got this crew broke in, so don't go screwing 'em up with your old-fashioned ways.
He dropped his old-fashioned wrench.
How did I get such a smart-ass kid?
Alice, what the hell have you done to the coffee?
Get a job, dummy.
Shall I open a vein and sign it in blood?
And if one more guy makes a pass at me, I'm going to sock him in the face.
Is that the only word your mind can understand?
Now, I don't date teenagers.
That bitch has messed around with me.
I swear that man moves like dead lice were falling off him.
How long do you think we'll have to stay in this hellhole?
I hardly recognize him with his mouth closed.
You know, you have a worse mouth than my kid.
You're just as selfish as he is.
You want what you want when you want it.
If you can find a job, if it pays more than $50 a week... and if you don't get involved with another maniac.
So long, suckers!
Open that door again, you'll run a 3-legged race to the undertaker.
If David comes back, I'll give him a bust right in the mouth.
I am sure you will find her in the fraternity house.
I don't know what the bastard expect of me.
You have to be a pig!
This is junk.
I mean, aside from all of this junk.
Anyway, the president of this teamster local back east set up a phony welfare fund, right?
Bitch.
She is the most immoral young lady I have ever seen.
She was so fat, when she sat on a drugstore stool, she had a hangover.
Rosy had eaten and drunk a lot.
You sit and discuss your sports and your young ladies and...
Traitor!
Despised him.
She's got an indiscreet voice.
This presumptuous little flirtation is over.
You're so dumb, you don't know you're alive.
He ran over Myrtle like you'd run over a dog and never bothered to stop his car.
These assholes have been after me for my sources and you're...
Anybody would be ashamed of that.
For a moment, I thought you were a man.
Don't touch me unless you love me.
He's so damn mean, he can't get along with anybody.
You've been drinking again, haven't you?
You're lyin'!
I can't tell the boy from a doorpost.
Except when you're throwin' up in the back of Bill Fails's Chevelle.
There's gonna be a lot of clowns out there with firearms and itchy fingers.
Ah, he's peeing on me!
He's peeing on me.
Give the bitch to me.
They've been infected with the bacteria.
Has been infected with a new strain typhoid?
Walk like a man, for God's sake!
I'm in the shithouse.
Champion of dumb animals, ladies in distress, lost kids and lost causes.
You ever see a horse run himself dead just to please the man on his back?
It's a shame to waste all that prime beef on a guy serving three to five in prison.
Lousy bank robber, too.
Yes, well, she's a stupid woman.
Or it might've just fallen overboard dropped there by some drunken old rummy.
The old girl's finally lost her virginity.
The way she's lying, there won't be any steel plate to have to burrow through.
How much of that junk are we gonna bring up?
Your refusal to speak to me is tediously immature, Susan.
How stupid.
You think I like playing sick little games with you?
And I refuse to assist you in the rape of the Earth.
And as long as you terrorize me, I'm gonna fight you.
I regret your aggressiveness, Walter.
No more soap opera.
It seems, Passelewe, that my subjects are becoming a pain in the arse.
And what better than to sacrifice one of the beast's own servants whom we caught masquerading as a holy sister of the Mother Church?
We will fire him into the eternal darkness as a testimony to our piety and godliness.
You pulled them all off me, you stupid son of a bitch.
You know, I'm getting damn tired of your misplaced admiration.
So we eliminate women, old men and kids.
Hit him with your purse, ya pussy.
I want you to have a heart attack and die so we never have to do this again.
I hate that cheap little bastard.
Every sucker for himself, I guess.
They brought their fuckin' toys with 'em!
They're too dumb to play with themselves.
You're drunk.
Yeah, he's bullshit.
They're fuckin' horrible-lookin'.
Recycled jockstraps.
Shittiest rink in the fuckin' league.
The fucker was holdin' on till he could scrounge a job.
You big baby.
They seem so childish.
You're a pussy.
Suzanne sucks pussy!
I told him his wife was a dyke.
That cunt is no good.
She do that to make him crazy so he don't know what he doing.
What sucker would buy the Chiefs?
You wanna say some more, you ugly bastard?
It make me sick.
You make me sick when you speak, Morris.
But the hair is rotten here.
There's no room in sports for people like you.
They gotta be punished.
All she could do was drink and cry, like you.
"How did I get mixed up with a bum like him?"
I'm ashamed of you."
Somebody's gonna kill you, you dumb son of a bitch, but it's not gonna be me.
She also has a drinking problem, and I have no idea where she is.
Why do you wear that rug?
We're human beings, you know.
Get outta here, you goddamn parasite.
You're full of shit!
What goes through your mind comes out of your mouth.
What are you guys, a bunch of cripples?
You're a fucking bastard!
I don't think she's intelligent either.
You want to play games?
How about paying for something you drop by accident?
Do you always lie?
You're suffering from small eyes and fat asses.
That bohunk's not gonna put a circus tent on my doorstep.
Unfortunately he has a habit of wasting taxpayers' money.
That's a lie!
It was hideous.
It's all bullshit.
Hurry up, suckers, you're dragging!
And shave off that dreadful moustache.
All right, you big bastard, come on.
Every spring, the toilets explode.
He's a sneaky little shit just like you, right?
You fat, disgusting slob!
And goddamn it, tuck up those pyjamas!
You're all worthless and weak!
Don't you have any respect for yourself?
I'm old enough to be your mother, almost.
If you lay one finger on that poor, sweet, helpless girl... you'll despise yourself forever.
You homo!
They're just animals, I guess.
What should we do, moron?
Come on out, you bastards!
Well, he was old enough to be your father.
And without Sam, it's better to let these people with the black suits and the Swiss haircuts worry about things you and I don't begin to understand.
Come here, you lazy, no-good son of mine!
I hate bankers.
Someone at Roffe gave or sold highly secret research material to four competitive firms.
People who don't pay up end with their knees nailed to the floor.
You really believe you can frighten me?
You stay and cook one of your raw dinners.
It's wasted on this bunch of Swiss bankers.
You also know the usual French prison is filled with the relatives of all those poor little beetles you've killed.
You're a killer.
You really and truly are a perfect bastard.
This is all a cover-up.
You lonely old coot.
And he calls me an asshole!
Are you drunk?
I've been to that scumbag town.
Do I have to bother with that shit?
Why don't you stay where you belong, in yo-yo land?
All right, you rat prick.
I don't think I want body-to-body contact.
Where's the bastard that runs this shithole?
Why does a solid businessman like you want to get into pornography?
Show me how to punish Perseus for this blasphemy!
Hear me, vain and foolish mortal woman.
But for now, there is sufficient cowardice, sloth and mendacity down there on Earth to last forever.
You sleep in till noon, then you watch Rocky and Bullwinkle.
You come home, you order out food... and then you play those stupid Tito Puente albums until 2 in the morning!
Most guys couldn't even handle you.
My job is to see that big, strong men like you... get on these buses without getting lost.
And I don't like nobody touching my stuff!
If I catch any of you guys in my stuff, I'll kill you.
Also, I don't like nobody touching me.
So you better hit them bunks, my little babies... or Sergeant Hulka with the big toe... is gonna see how far he can stick it up your ass.
Because you talked me into this, that's why, you idiot!
I do not want to hear one more insubordinate word... from anyone in this platoon.
You're a killer!
You're a trained killer!
You men are a disgrace.
What if the Russians were raping your sister?
You practically raped her one night.
Oh, my God, what an idiot.
It's because of you people that I cannot get outside!
That old bastard's killed more guys than the electric chair.
I'm telling you, this cocksucker's trouble.
You're an asshole.
If that slob was a penologist, I'm a jet airplane pilot.
You gotta be a real putz to wear a white coat around here.
I'm pleased to meet you, ugly wop son of a bitch.
She looks like a jelly doughnut, doesn't she?
She still eating cereal with her fingers?
This asshole from the coroner's wants her on two stretchers.
You know, I'm not so fond of raising money, but I think it's idiotic to turn that job over to him.
I don't need you to tell me what our priorities are, Seamus.
Since then I accuse myself of impure actions.
Because you like power.
What I wonder is if you were wearing this when you were banging Lois Fazenda.
There's going to be an awful lot of red faces if this policeman does his duty.
Looks like a goddamn freak show out there.
Damn, I thought she had better taste than that.
You touch her, and the Food and Drug Administration gets you for fuckin' food.
You aren't even allowed to look at her with her clothes on.
For being the biggest dickhead I ever went out with.
You little piece of shit.
Get that piece of pigshit out here.
Play fair with me, fat man.
Mickey, I don't mind you being stupid, but this is crazy.
You know, you're too stupid to even be a good bigot.
You know, I'm no doctor, but I could swear this youngster's inebriated.
I'm not takin' a shower with him.
That... that seducer and despoiler must be stopped.
He's a contemptible little pervert who's...
Now, you got any more smart talk?
Those boys just destroyed my station house and two of my cars.
I want them booked on felony charges, destruction of private property, and assault.
You disturb the neighbors, I'll cut you up and eat you for dinner.
Stop the whore.
Why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing is wrong?
And this smog doesn't help anyway.
You break in here, and you tell me you think Paul's a murderer.
But he became such a damn pest that I left New York.
Have you been drinking?
The dishes are on the table, the refrigerator door was open...
I feel all rotten inside.
She believes that her father has incestuous desires.
He tries to prove he's a real man and he's not.
You're harming them psychologically.
Christ, she tore the fuckin' place apart.
Come on, show yourself, you coward.
I want her out of here, Doctor.
Sweetheart, the opinion of a madman doesn't impress me or anyone else.
I'm gonna get that bastard.
He thought it was sinful.
Your gutless hide is safe.
I'm stuck with guys down here that are too dumb to roll rocks down a steep hill.
Only a gourd-head would ask a stupid question like that.
Riskin' your life for that little fucker!
By the time they take the mortgage payments out of my paycheck, there's not enough left to buy you a fuckin' box of tampons!
This is your shit bucket, folks.
Weren't nice of you fellas, trying to steal another man's horse.
Quit your swearing, Luke.
And as for you... whatever it is you're hatching, forget it, or end up dead.
Everything seems to have a bite to it, and I'm smelling like an old sheepherder.
I'm really tempted to take you along with me... but I'm just afraid that I'd awaken some morning... and find you'd made a necklace with my teeth.
Take a look at these wrinkles and these here grey hairs.
Hey, Dal, while you're down there trying to figure out the female race... you might as well take a bath.
You've nothin to bitch about!
I am going to throw up.
Go call your pimp to look after you!
The killer is insane!
Careful now, I have feelings like a real human being.
Trying to eliminate the human perverts.
Did you spend every cent you ever made?
I'm not some gun for hire.
Soames thinks he's a smart-ass.
You can afford it when I kick your teeth!
Well, it's a shitty world.
The asshole's got files on me.
Jake Wise planted something up in his office to frame me.
I shouldn't be this drunk.
Victor, I know that you're into a lot of crooked shit.
You're one pain in the ass I don't need.
If you discount the angina, the migraines and the gastritis, there's nothing wrong with me.
I'm such a pain in the ass these days I deserve myself.
I wanna know whose idea it was to have children.
Don't touch me!
Look, I don't mind if you have a new dog but you can't let him run aroud scaring half the neighbourhood.
Think we should find a rubbish dump or something.
You got bird shit in your hair.
Now look at all this fucking mess!
Where do they get this crap?
Prostitutes will try to tempt you with their unhealthy immorality.
Watch where you drive, artist.
What a mess.
I am going to report you to the police.
Too much vodka.
There are whores in Gorky Park who have carved my name on trees.
You have no respect for position.
Leonid is stupid.
Our leaders are only good for parades.
Makes rude gestures at people doing their socialist duties.
Them Italians came one time and stole half the store.
Women don't belong in the dressing room!
Fags everywhere.
It's freedom for a woman to spread her legs like that on a magazine?
He says that he's looking at a giant asshole from Moscow.
Never mind that rubbish.
You've got a big mouth, Senator.
Anybody connected with drugs deserves to die.
He is an upwardly-mobile super-achiever and lives in a condo on Wilshire Boulevard.
I bet you don't even like girls, do you?
You flaming fucking faggot!
How can you have the gall to compare the conflict here in Vietnam with a glass of cappuccino coffee?
How can you drink that shit?
Why don't you do your sorry ass a favor?
It's impolite to stare.
Who's got time to wonder what happened to some ridiculous talking mice when you're driving by at 75 miles an hour?
Everything's funny to you, ain't it, needle nose?
You rinse, you get this glob of plaque you gotta spit out.
You're gonna be outta work, you keep scamming like you are.
I'm not the same pathetic, trusting fool that I was a couple of days ago.
Don't get too used to those long lunches.
Goddamn little bitch secretary.
But you're lying.
OK, the same day, I'm reading the Post and there's this item on Bobby Stein, the radio guy who does those gross jokes about Ethiopia and the Betty Ford Center.
You and Steven will be doing the dirty crockery alone this evening.
Or you can go straight back to your home on the streets.
You ain't no Captain you and sure as hell ain't no Robin Hood.
You're a bandit who eats children and old people.
That's the man that eats people
You weren't supposed to touch Brady!
It's an insult.
Now you're lying.
You're the little guy that tried to make off with my queen.
That's not music.
I'll never eat fish again.
You think I'll ever forget you running from that stupid clown?
That's a bunch of bullshit.
Bad dog!
Idiot!
Disgusting.
Stupid.