Get a doctor at once!
It's a matter of life and death.
Dickson will ruin this bank if we don't stop him.
Looks to me like we're in hot water already.
I've been robbed.
Banks today have got to be careful.
And if he doesn't get it, he goes into bankruptcy and throws 900 men out of work.
Dude, there's not any chance of my becoming involved in this, is there?
Meanwhile, you're jeopardizing the safety of the bank.
I was afraid of making a fool of myself.
You've got me worried, dear.
I wouldn't trust anybody.
Yes, but when the cash runs out, they'll mob us.
It's all been like a crazy nightmare.
They threatened to kill me if I didn't pay.
I didn't know what to do.
I didn't know anybody was going to be killed.
I didn't know what I was doing.
All I could think of was that they were going to kill me.
I'll die if they send me to prison.
It wasn't her fault, honest it wasn't.
If we close, our stock won't be worth a nickel.
We got to do something or it'll be too late.
To tell the truth, Baron, tonight we're a little bit nervous.
I was frantic.
The others are getting suspicious.
I was threatened.
I'm alarmed about you.
Once at sea, if we get there, our troubles will have just begun.
I've just heard a startling piece of news.
It's too late, isn't it?
Did I get home all right last night?
The doctor said you shouldn't excite yourself.
You're afraid of what may happen if the war comes?
Help!
Is it worth the risk of a scandal?
I wouldn't take the slightest risk now you've made such a great reputation for yourself in the Senate.
When he finds out our dam is at his boys camp he'll start asking questions.
He's about to blow the whole machine to smithereens and you with it!
If we yield to blackmail from this man, we'll become a laughing stock!
He can raise public opinion against us.
If he starts convincing those senators, you might as well blow your brains out!
Mr President, what happens to me in the morning?
He's cutting our throat.
It may bring you serious trouble.
I view with alarm the influence over you of this Bolshevik lady.
If she succeeds, the consequences will be disastrous.
I will be punished, and I should be punished.
It must be serious.
We must be extremely careful what goods we take in exchange.
I don't want to be sent into that foreign atmosphere again.
What if Her Majesty should overhear you?
His ambition has jeopardized the prosperity of the English people.
It may endanger the very peace and stability of England.
All I ask of you is be careful.
This deficit has grown to alarming proportions.
Ireland's been fatal to every commander who risked his fortune there.
You fear you'll not always love me?
That means we're in grave trouble.
Oh, Maxim, I'm worried about what you'll do at the inquest tomorrow.
We're losing the wind!
I feel some concern for his safety.
With all the contributions of the Sea Hawks... we cannot possibly match Phillip's vast resources.
Let me go!
Oh, Charles, I'm frightened.
I only hope it isn't too high for you here.
You must go, go at once, before Henry catches you here.
What happens to the gold in our safe?
But I'm not out of danger yet.
How much do you think he heard?
If we don't get that money, how's Wheaton gonna go to seattle?
That would be risking your neck.
Did I do something wrong?
Help!
She was coming after me with this gun right in her two hands.
She shot me, at me.
I was too nervous.
Did I go too far?
No one can feel safe living in a community... when there are reckless and irresponsible neurotics... wandering about its thoroughfares armed with deadly weapons.
Around about midnight, the ghosts and banshees get together for nightly jamborees.
It was a nightmare.
What was that crack?
Sometimes, it makes the skin crawl.
But, what if it doesn't work?
Be careful!
Help me!
We need a doctor, quick!
Please, hurry, this man is really ill.
They'll kill you and all of us.
You frightened me.
This isn't going to be as easy to get out of.
I tried to make him see a psychiatrist.
I thought he'd kill me.
I've got to get out before he gets back!
You're caught below another man's gun!
Please be careful.
It looks like a life sentence.
The whole town in panic.
But the crisis is now, sir.
Don't ever leave me.
I was going nearly crazy 'cause I couldn't find Little Sheba.
I'm a little bit frightened.
Something's wrong.
I hope it doesn't get any worse.
Careful!
It sounds frightening.
Are you sure you really love me?
It's too dangerous, it's utterly unpredictable.
I need your help.
Here, faster, before the planes are back.
It was an accident.
There was no way I could get in touch with my husband.
It's ticking like a bomb.
They murder everything that moves.
It's looking for us.
Whether we live or die may depend on what happens here.
Four minutes to bomb time.
What are you gonna do if one of them catches you?
I wouldn't dare answer that.
Something too frightful to utter.
How do you know there was a murder?
Bloody footsteps leading up to the door?
Seemed worried about it.
No sense taking any chances in this thing.
When you get hurt, yell.
You're not gonna give him a chance, are you?
I'll be late for the first bell!
Don't want nobody to get hurt.
Any trouble, call on the phone.
They're looking all over for you.
What if the police find you here?
Yes, son, I'm afraid.
If they track you down, it wouldn't be our doing.
Dad, don't let them take me.
please don't let them take me!
How are you going to stop them?
What if they trace that call?
I'm attacked from all sides!
It concerns me!
There are men in the house with guns.
Why go on taking chances?
I don't want to lose you.
Don't misunderstand me.
I've just been bitten by a snake.
Where are you taking me?
She's fainted.
I don't know why I'm in such a hurry to get into trouble again.
A strange voice, a set of instructions that might have come from anywhere.
I hope that while we're waiting, another disaster doesn't occur.
We thought they might be weapons directed against us.
To do that would cause worldwide panic.
Despite our power the few of us would be busy indefinitely trying to suppress a large, hostile population.
You're not going to work with these monsters?
This itself may have placed the entire country's safety in jeopardy.
We have no choice but to use every conceivable weapon if they land.
I hope they haven't spotted us.
They're looking for us, all right.
We'll have to hope that that's enough.
Careful, brother.
Cover him up, quickly.
A strange ship was sighted running out of the storm.
My courage almost failed me at the thought of meeting Ajax.
Look, there's something weird going on here, and I can't quite follow it.
I'm afraid it isn't quite as easy as all that.
A whale can jump up like an earthquake and come down on you like a mountain that somehow put to sea.
A whale can stave in the ribs of the biggest ships, swallow whole crews, pick its teeth with the oars.
God keep us, keep us all.
I fear the wrath of God.
God, I'll lose him.
Without a wind, we'll lose him!
Don't anybody move!
Lightning can kill you.
The coach was robbed and Bill Moons killed.
He's got a shotgun on you, Wade.
A man died from looking at his wife.
What's wrong?
Drop that gun and let me walk out.
Ben, are you all right?
He could shoot you and say you tried to run.
They'll kill us first.
Please, I'm begging you.
Run before they chop you down.
How do I know you'll jump?
You know, this ship is going much too fast.
Help!
I am aware of that, but to be seen together could be disastrous for us both.
We've created a problem.
I was so worried that...
If things don't work out...
Darling, he'll never be able to support you.
I really am in a hurry.
If he found out, he'd insist upon doing it himself if he had the money, which I doubt.
I'm worried about the future, and what people will think.
Escape is impossible.
I made it ashore, but I got separated from the other survivors.
I'd say the odds against a successful escape are 100 to one.
The odds against survival in this camp are even worse.
Look, sir, we haven't much time.
Or am I going mad?
Do you know what will happen to me if the bridge is not ready in time?
I'd have to kill myself.
I tell you, gentlemen, we have a problem on our hands.
But there's the challenge.
That bridge would collapse under the first train.
Don't leave me.
They can't do this to me.
We're prisoners of war.
He says it's dangerous to spend the night in the village.
Most of their wounds won't heal properly.
You've got to get there before sundown.
But, sir, when the job's done, who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did?
Imagine being forced to build that in the condition they must be in.
You think he'll be all right?
We throw ourselves at your mercy.
You can't do this to him, or to all the others.
We are so late already.
It's urgent!
I fear that what life remains to me...
Nothing is guaranteed.
Every day it was worse.
Somehow I had to reach Louise, to survive.
I knew my ill-fitting clothes were unsuited to the exertions that lay before me.
The most terrifying ever beheld by human eyes.
Oh, this is terrible.
I was more frightened than the defendant.
He thinks I may be arrested any minute.
It's just when you say these things are closing in on me, it's like a nightmare.
The trouble is, I need money for manufacturing and promotion.
When I left her she was alive!
When Janet came back she was dead.
Is it, perhaps, that this cause is too hopeless?
And there she was, dead.
We are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction.
Now, be careful, children.
It's dangerous.
I don't know anything about being a commander.
A man was killed in his plane and bled all over him.
We're gonna come out dead!
It will make them sick.
How much longer do you think your country will last?
Aarfy, if anything happens to me, will you take care of my girl?
He'll keep us flying missions till we're all dead.
Something's going on.
What shall I do now?
Who's dead?
Don't hurt him.
Help him!
She tried to kill me because I told her about Nately.
Fine, except I'm scared to death.
Can you still keep going on?
You don't bring enough men with you.
I heard you ran into some trouble today.
I ought to have a doctor.
That ain't gonna be easy.
There are many problems attendant to running such a large territory.
You better look out, Mr. Garrett.
They say he killed a man when he was 12 years old.
You're gonna make me swear on the Bible?
Said it was ghastly.
Mr. Chisum, that sounds like a threat.
They'll kill you.
Better get out of here... 'cause I ain't ever gonna surrender to Nodeen.
Women and children off the street!
Can you make it?
That smell of death.
That explains why they didn't rape me right off.
They'll get me tonight, for sure.
I had made the first real enemy of my life.
I didn't mean to kill him.
There must be an error.
An enemy had saved my life by the violent murder of one of my best friends.
All right, let's get the hell out.
I cannot fight.
True, but the soldiers would kill us before we got to the river.
It's too late.
Please be more careful in the future, Captain.
You came up here to kill me, didn't you?
That'd really get me in trouble.
We're running out of ammunition.
Now we are running out of ammunition.
We're being wiped out!
I was afraid of that.
To be hypnotized indirectly is very common, but to be regressed indirectly is not only unusual but a little nerve-wracking.
Or God knows in how many lifetimes you'll be paying for it.
Oh, for Pete's sake, don't say anything about that around here.
If I'm not on guard every moment, you steal across the border into reality.
The sea makes me seasick and I'm afraid of flying.
Doctor, how long has this stuff been going on?
We've heard from Kennedy Approach that we've run into a traffic problem.
Feels like we're going down.
We've run into a fog system not previously reported.
There's no time!
We just found out they were lost!
Is something wrong?
With this strike they've no way home, and there's not a room in the city.
My wife is in bad shape.
Don't panic.
You'd rather be found dead with two small children in Ohio?
We were wandering around, that's how we got robbed.
Isn't that terrible!
Oh, my God, we're being kidnapped.
Is it bleeding?
But it's bleeding?
If you bleed, you'll get an infection.
It's not safe.
They'd give me ten to twenty years!
Stay in the car, they'll tear you apart.
Looks like trouble ahead.
And then they'll kill us!
I'm dizzy, I'm gonna faint.
We've got to get out of here.
He's hurt pretty bad.
You'd better leave that bandage alone, unless you want to start bleeding again.
I was in front and you were behind with a gun in my back.
Was he hurt bad?
He tried to knife me.
Look out!
Did they hit you, Pat?
Are you gonna faint?
I heard some shooting, Sheriff.
It's too late to start anything now.
Can we get there without being seen?
Be careful.
Everybody is afraid here.
I've no other place to go.
When the shooting starts, don't forget to duck.
It ain't safe to go that way...
What's a girl to do when a man keeps following her around?
I didn't see him, but he hit me.
Hope this thing don't go off while I'm climbing down.
What if they catch the Captain before he gets help?
If we lose, get out of town quick.
They're gonna be tough to run out.
Which future has God, if there is a God, chosen for man's destiny?
Because you were frightened for the safety of yourselves and your unborn child?
This is a risk we dare not ignore.
After this, I doubt we shall be allowed to live at all.
I didn't mean to kill him.
This is as far as we dare to take you.
The police have road blocks on every main exit from town.
How much time has the world got?
My God, stop him!
She was gonna turn me in.
You're going to set this whole place on fire.
I just hope there's no snakes round here.
You'll get killed just to give something away.
Don't let me go down.
And the more dangerous you are, the shorter the options on your future.
I've got every man on it, but without FBI or locals, we're carrying a handicap.
When I think of it, I'm afraid.
It could have been a dead end.
If Milne's found dead, that'll make for more questions and deeper probes.
The lady comes in sudden and she's got this gun.
He's still emotionally unstable.
Help!
I think that we're lost.
I mean I can't swim.
I'm scared.
They're in chaos.
Excuse me, Doctor, but that would be a tragic mistake.
Please, be careful.
I'm afraid it can't be done, sir!
Dear God in Heaven, even these people can't be that mad.
If you know where she is, I beg you to tell me now before it's too late.
Well, don't you understand that if your crops fail this year, next year you're going to have to have another blood sacrifice?
May is a great scientist, but she also has destructive tendencies.
But they're all dead.
Death comes closer for us all.
Another dead end.
You have destroyed us.
I hear we can expect a bumpy ride tonight.
Oh, I hope it's not serious.
If I miss that meeting, I'll lose about half next year's sales commissions.
You look a little off-colour, Scotty.
She can't stay off that kidney machine too long.
Something hit us.
All the flight crew is... either dead or... or badly injured.
There's no one left to fly the plane.
A lot of the gauges over the engineer's... panel are broken.
I can't do this.
We got a big problem.
There's a big hole in the flight deck.
We have a complication.
We're not running low, are we?
There's gas coming out of the wing.
I'm afraid to let her try.
I'm scared.
This is just plain suicide, sir.
It'll probably kill me, too.
She's got the curse.
I hope this doesn't ruin my tryout for cheerleader.
He used to make me bend over while he whipped me with his belt.
Really scary.
You scare the hell out of me too.
Will you be okay if I go up to bed?
Barb, what's the matter?
He'd kill us if he got the chance.
I am afraid of murder.
I think he's been recording my telephone.
I'm not sure how to operate that thing.
My little finger, it's all black and blue.
But he knew I was lying.
Somebody told me they thought he'd killed a man once.
I heard he was connected with the government during the war, a spy.
I remember one on the porch, waiting in darkness so complete I couldn't see his face.
It's too young for a heart attack.
If you're standing where Bridges was, you're gonna drown.
I was scared shitless they'd think I was still alive.
If you print anything now, I'll be exposed.
I want my baby back.
I haven't done anything wrong.
They hurt you any, Maxwell?
She'll be dead before the sound gets there.
We didn't pass that cutoff, did we?
Look out!
Otherwise, I fear not only for the safety of our men, but frankly, for their lives as well.
I don't want to get shot.
Now, you may kill me, but if you don't come to your senses and throw it down, they're gonna kill you.
Man, they'd lock me up from now to Moses.
You ain't really gonna let them take that baby, are you?
I want you to pull over and stop so's we don't have an accident or worse.
Ain't no way in the world I'm goin' up that path.
Anna, most can barely walk.
Our soldiers are dying in the inferno to be burning tanks.
It kills many brave men.
They've done things with my body and the bodies of others ...
What life awaits a half man outside the fence?
Whenever I'm petrified, I either cry or sing.
What I don't understand is whether someone was trying to kill Jenny... or whether someone was trying to kill Jenny because she was with you.
How the hell are you going to give it to me in public?
What the hell am I supposed to do now?
You start trouble, and I start bleeding.
He took six pills in one hour, instead of one every four hours.
Killed the pain all right, but he almost died.
Careful of my vitals.
What the hell were you doing diving there?
What do you mean, if anything happens to you?
What's the matter, Maria?
You sound sort of peculiar.
Life is more terrifying and more mysterious.
Let me out, or I'll kill myself.
The beast is at the gates!
That's two accidents in a week.
Calder, you're asking me to make a total commitment of men and money on the basis of a hunch.
They're gonna get nervous.
'We found the bomb.
For God's sake, be careful.
I have a terrible feeling he cut off my head.
You injured your knee in a game.
You're turning into a zombie.
Nothing wild, right?
Oh, shit, he's here.
I ended up in the hospital.
We're gonna freeze to death.
Somebody help me.
My husband will kill me when he finds out.
Somebody threw a fucking tyre chain, hit him right in the mouth.
This kid has taken a savage beating.
That is a very deep cut.
They see violence, they'll become violent.
They're burying' us alive!
What am I gonna do when she has a baby?
Drive carefully!
Everything's going so fast, man!
Don't, I've got things in my mouth!
Get it through your head, or you and me are both gone too.
His plane could be late!
Careful, that's hot!
You know how much money you're gonna lose in a strike?
Watch it, it's still wet.
Don't burn yourself, Mishka.
Nobody better have a cold.
I can't trust nobody.
That's gonna be hard.
You think Madison's gonna buy that?
Didn't I tell ya some day he'd turn on ya?
Am I a criminal for that?
Isn't Leonardo's death enough?
I couldn't hate you, so my hatred turned into an insane fear.
We may have another shark problem.
Are they all shark victims?
It's a big mistake.
We'll make it to Budapest if you're not careful!
Help!
It's a shark!
Something must have scared him.
They can't fire both of us, right?
Do something!
Get me out of here!
Get the hell up because I'm out here alone.
A boy is dead and my son and husband are still out there.
Oh, God, please help.
Please help us.
We're begging.
Please save us.
Larry, are we going to make it to the island?
I think we're stuck.
She's hysterical, beating...
Don't do it!
Look out!
Don't embarrass me in front of Dave.
I won't go schizo, will I?
They're going to nail us, no matter what we do.
What are we going to do?
I'll get in trouble!
That could take years... cost millions of lives.
Officer, please, for God's sake, they're looting the Food King!
You're going to protect me?
Are you trying to kill me?
Ivo, I warn you.
That puts quite a burden on the company.
I wouldn't want to face it.
There was the explosion in Chile.
I was afraid Hans Bergmann might have stolen the suitcase.
So my father was murdered.
Don't you realise that I don't have that sort of money?
Your client knows that if I go to jail, he and his friends will go with me.
A river patrol just fished a girl out of the water.
And whoever it was tried to murder me, too.
So you can see Charles is deep in trouble.
It's something I couldn't discuss with anyone.
Now, that was probably a mistake because now you're in danger anyway.
If I go, you'll ruin me.
Is anybody hurt?
We were a bit worried about you.
That storm is pretty bad.
Don't look down!
He's gonna kill you!
He's the fox in the henhouse!
Liz, be careful!
Liz, don't go to him!
You're contaminated.
It felt like an earthquake.
We have an emergency.
We could have been killed.
We're not going to risk a massive lawsuit.
But the water was dangerously low?
He's going to get us into trouble.
Was the public in danger as a result of the accident?
I hope Jacovich isn't watching.
What do we do in case of an accident?
How can we be absolutely sure the waste disposal is taken care of?
A vast area would be uninhabitable, with many cancer cases later.
Herman, we've got a serious problem.
I am also concerned about the misinformation about nuclear waste.
Please hurry.
Someone's tampering with the security circuits.
We've managed to keep it quiet, but if anyone knows, there'll be a SWAT team here.
I can't take responsibility for this.
Are we in danger?
But in fact the level was dangerously low.
There's something very wrong here.
It could get you in trouble.
These are strange times, my friend.
They have a craving for human flesh.
Perseus is moving into danger.
One look from the head of Medusa can turn all creatures into stone.
And her blood is a deadly venom.
Deadly and poisonous.
I'm so afraid for you.
We're going to be killed!
I was shot up pretty bad.
Get me out of here.
If we screw up graduation, we'll have to take basics all over again.
There's something wrong with us, something very, very wrong with us.
Something seriously wrong with us.
Oh, he's hurt!
We're so damn lost.
Look, in what I do, there are sometimes pressures.
You don't know from one day to the next... whether you're going to be killed, go home, or get busted.
Do you think it's an epidemic like the flu?
Shit's gonna hit the fan.
As long as they're not dead...
I hate to do this, but I think we better get him to a hospital.
Something's wrong here.
We may have made a mistake.
What's it gonna cost me?
I can see panicked citizens taking to the streets if this gets out.
Call the police.
Mom, you must have had a bad dream, that's all.
We've gotta get the kids!
Then I think you need to see a doctor.
But when men who aren't actually there have intercourse with you, it is time to see a good psychiatrist.
In the meantime, I'll be dead.
Mommy, what happened to your hand?
He'll kill me if he has to.
You're running the risk of harming your children.
Isn't it possible that some sort of external intelligence, some discarnate entity, has crossed into our plane of existence?
Do you know, for a second you had me worried?
No, the flight must be stopped.
Father, I've led such a sinful life.
My career will be ruined.
Don't come apart on me now.
Then I guess it's in God's hands now.
And you must trust me when I say it's likely we're all going to die.
When that bomb blows, we'll lose our oxygen fast.
Still love me?
Your boy is sicker than we know.
It might get infected.
You're liable to get caught.
There's something terrible happening in there.
Charlie, there is no time.
And I felt real scared, Savannah.
This girl's been in an accident, Marcy.
Charlie, please don't go.
I'd like to know why I'm being shot.
He got wounded somewhere in Tennessee, and they sent him home.
How can I sleep when they stole my children?
What happens to us now?
Oh, God, we thought they'd killed you.
The cops are all over the place.
Then the Leonov and everybody in it could be destroyed.
If I give them any trouble, they cut me.
I'd be too scared to do it.
He was killed.