Read what the critics say... wonderful!
I just thought I'd drop by and cheer you up a bit.
I'm feeling fine this morning.
You're becoming more beautiful every day.
Well, it's a nice morning, gentlemen.
You don't know how much satisfaction it's been to me.
It's been swell.
That's good.
I love you anyway.
Sure, you're fine, you've got plenty.
Somebody must be in good humour.
But it's wonderful.
It's wonderful.
I thought she was splendid.
That's fascinating.
You're funny.
You're attractive enough to be anything.
You're pretty enough to do other things.
That's lovely.
That must have been very nice.
You're so beautiful.
I've never seen anything in my life as beautiful as you are.
We have a lot of good connections in England.
I was little, slim, but hard as a diamond.
That's sweet.
Beautiful morning.
I shall dance, and you'll be with me.
Just to tell you that I'm happy.
That was lovely.
That's very interesting.
For the first time in my life, I'm happy.
I'm my own master... for the first time in my life.
It's wonderful and sweet champagne!
They're having a nice little game up there with that telephone.
Wonderful, my dear fellow.
Only two months' treatment, and I'm a well man.
It's pleasant to see everything so prosperous with you here.
Arabella dear, have a nice holiday in England.
You love me, don't you?
Lord Willoughby, she loves me!
David thinks he's such a nice dog.
I love you.
You're absolutely wonderful.
The boy has loads of charm, Father.
Mother, you'd love him.
I like your tie, too.
Well, Julia seems divinely happy.
Now, don't worry, darling, we understand perfectly.
My dear, he is attractive, isn't he?
Not a bad family to marry into.
We've heard such wonderful things about you.
The more you find out about us Setons, the more impressive we become.
I thought you might want a little cheering up.
We've had wonderful times, we three.
In appreciation of your great success in the fields of love and finance I wish to congratulate you on behalf of the members of the Fifth Avenue Anti-Stuffed Shirt and Flying Trapeze Club.
Linda, you're so sweet.
That must be good.
Sure, but that's good, too.
I love the boy, Neddie.
An event which doubles the pleasure I take in wishing you and them a most happy and prosperous New Year.
I'm so happy for you.
Your daughter's getting prettier every day, John.
I never can make up my mind which of you is the handsomest.
Scarlett, you're so sweet to worry about Ashley like this for me.
Well, then I shall value it all the more.
Oh, I'm so glad.
You look good enough to eat, and prosperous.
It's good to see home folks.
I don't suppose it looks like much to a lady... but I can't help being proud of it.
This sure is a happy day to me.
She has such a beautiful mouth too.
You act mighty happy this morning.
And who's the happy father?
Miss Scarlett's feeling a heap better today, Mr. Rhett.
Just to sit here with him is a very great honour for me.
We are happy to take this opportunity...
Diz, you're a wonderful egg.
I'm very happy to know you, sir.
I don't think I've ever been so thrilled in my life.
That Miss Susan Paine is about the prettiest girl I ever did see.
Glad to see you.
Swell!
Isn't that wonderful, father?
He's a wonderful man.
Isn't that wonderful?
Isn't it marvellous?
Here's to bigger and better dopes.
It's a good idea.
Boy, you should have been there.
They've done pretty well by you.
He thinks the world of me.
Seemed like a nice fellow.
A man I've admired and worshipped all my life.
Now you're talking.
This is the miracle I wanted.
Terrific!
It is the most spectacular thing in the Senate annals.
There's no place out there for graft or greed or lies, or compromise with human liberties.
Great principles don't get lost once they come to light.
I loved you for it, just as my father did.
That's very good.
Our worries are over.
Darling, you're so good to me.
I had the pleasure of meeting you in your beautiful shop.
I was admiring the platinum watch with the diamond numbers.
Glorious, aren't they?
At any rate, gentlemen, a charming, exquisite woman.
The fashions this spring are very becoming to her.
Now this is a fine thing.
The last mass trials were a great success.
Nothing's happened recently to shake my self-confidence.
I love Russians.
I'm glad I saw it before becoming extinct.
But you must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles.
It's such a pleasant little place.
Glad you told me.
You are the most incredible creature I've ever met.
I mean a laugh from the heart.
Here's a great one.
It's good, isn't it?
Isn't that amazing?
A wonderful idea.
I wake up in the middle of the night and laugh at them.
She's very attractive.
She has great elegance.
Isn't it divine?
I wouldn't have missed this for anything.
I bought him the loveliest little sweater as a reward.
He looks like a little boulevardier.
To the loveliest story I ever heard.
Everything is so wonderful.
The good people of France!
I love you, my little Leonitchka.
Much happier.
Yes, it was wonderful.
I'm in love, Swana.
They must have wonderful materials to make a thing like this.
Look how nicely she has arranged the table.
Isn't that wonderful?
Just see how happy the people look from here.
Isn't it wonderful?
We have a wonderful electric sign:
I most certainly do love her.
Enjoy with me The pleasures here above
Oh, and he's handsome too, no doubt.
You're young and strangely sweet.
But before that I wrote him lovingly many times.
It has a wonderful ring.
That is my greatest and most enduring love.
There's the finest deerskin jacket I've ever seen.
We can relax now.
It's nice.
Mint juleps always make me sing.
A toast to where we girls was born:
There's a lovely fire in the living room.
Time could not mar the perfect symmetry of those walls.
I was in a shop once, and I saw a postcard with a beautiful house on it, right by the sea.
We're lucky not to be home during the bad weather, aren't we?
She was the beautiful Rebecca Hildreth, you know.
You got on rather well with him, didn't you?
How perfectly lovely.
You're very much in love with Maxim, aren't you?
That's very sweet of you.
Kindliness and sincerity, and if you'll forgive me, modesty, mean more to a husband than all the wit and beauty in the world.
You look lovely, lovely.
Now, isn't that a charming invitation?
It's been fun meeting you.
That's very sporting of you.
Loveliest room you've ever seen.
Oh, well, that's a splendid idea, Mrs. Danvers.
I say, what a jolly idea.
Rather like a picnic, isn't it?
Your wife was a wonderful woman, Mr. De Winter.
Now Max and that dear little bride of his will be able to stay on at Manderley and live happily ever after.
At least you'll find English hospitality better than they found Spanish.
In the garden of a convent in Peru, there's a beautiful statue.
And a right good one.
That's wonderful.
Well, that's as good a way to go through life as any other, isn't it?
Thank goodness.
He's doing fine.
You feel better, Max?
That's great.
Well, I'm pleased to have seen you again, Mr. Jordan.
Well, ain't that good?
I guess Pearl was about the prettiest, with all that long, yellow hair.
That's a sign you must be pretty happy.
Probably I'm prejudiced, but it seems to me that Susie is a pretty cute young lady.
And there's nobody to tell me that the results are anything but brilliant, so I live in a comfortable glow of self-appreciation.
That's nice.
It gives you a good feeling when you can help somebody.
She went straight to the local sheriff, who, fortunately, happened to be a particularly good friend of ours.
Bathing suits looked awfully funny 100 years ago.
Oh, you're really a much better dancer.
Well, young man, you seem to be enjoying yourself.
It's a great philosophy.
Oh, it's such a beautiful statue.
glad to see you're out of jail.
It's certainly a pleasure to see you.
I don't know much about him, but I'd say he has good taste.
She sure makes this old saloon smell nice!
I'm sure you'll be glad to know that law and order has come to Nome.
You couldn't have timed it better.
I did that beautifully, didn't I?
Just what we been waitin' for.
Something ya got for Christmas?
I got myself a date.
Handy little thing, isn't it?
My, we're a jolly crew, aren't we?
Brought about by what is know as "the miracle of love".
A made-to-order paradise.
I'm satisfied to be the father.
I'd give you a kiss right now, but I'm afraid I'll ruin my makeup.
I'll never forget how I laughed when I saw you as Kiki.
In the final analysis, all we're trying to do is create a happy world.
May I say, my dear Colonel, that it's good to breathe the air of the Gestapo again.
In this business, one should joke a little.
This is good whiskey, we got it on a raid.
Now we'll have good weather for the bridge.
God, that was lucky I could make her go.
You know, I never did mind being around you, Mildred.
Wally, you're wonderful!
It feels wonderful!
I'm so glad to see you.
They're lovely.
Look at those darling dogs.
Do you know, you were pretty cute in there today, my little.
It's very pretty.
Pretty fresh.
I'm relaxed.
That was a good one.
Must be a beautiful horse.
It is a wonderful woman.
It was well and nothing could change it.
I am glad you are better.
I look good in a mink coat, honey.
Hey, you're looking good.
That's just what we want him to think.
Wonderful chef.
You've had good news for the last 12 years.
I like your tailor.
Now tell me you're glad to see me.
It's admirable.
That was pretty fancy wrestling, kid.
Here's to us, top of the world.
It looks very nice on you.
Sometimes cheap perfume can be very exciting.
My, what a pretty place!
She's got many men in her life, and they take her to lots of different clubs.
He looks like a bronzed Apollo.
It was nice of you to break your date.
I was smart.
But I'm very happy to have met you.
I love him that way.
I've never been happier in my life.
You certainly picked a wonderful spot.
I'm sure glad we've run into you.
Steve, you want a laugh?
Why, this was given to me by a very dear friend.
My dear child, there are many good books in this world without pictures.
Nothing's impossible.
The day is warm and bright
The sea is nice, take my advice
I think she's pretty.
How cheerfully he seems to grin
I have improved it.
I am exactly three inches high and it is a very good height indeed!
Oh, what a delightful child.
That was lovely.
I know I speak for my entire radio audience when I express my great admiration for both of you.
As he waves to the crowd, you can hear the tremendous cheer!
So after 129 hours of being buried alive, at last, freedom seems in sight.
She's an awful sweet little thing.
Running up stairs keeps my legs slim.
That's just wonderful!
I was so proud.
Remember how white and fluffy she used to be after I gave her a bath?
I hear you get a nice pension from the government after 20 years.
I'm glad to help.
She said she thought it was very thoughtful of me.
Turk's going to help with my chemistry.
They always behave so nice, Doc.
If he likes running his fingers through my hair, well, why not?
He's perfect.
There isn't a cloud in sight.
Your dinner smells good.
That's a beautiful dress.
Marie was so excited about your coming.
Marie says very nice things about you in her letters.
Mrs Delaney has fixed the grandest dinner.
I always think candlelight's so romantic.
Marie wrote something awful nice.
A lovely shade of green!
They liked each other immediately and got married,
How beautiful they are
Every dog I ever knew seemed to have a very nice life indeed.
Isn't she pretty?
I'm sure I can do it.
The loveliest lady I've ever seen.
It's just as it should be.
That's what makes it so good afterwards.
They were wonderful.
The cobbler who fixed my shoes so beautifully yesterday.
Tell the cobbler I am delighted to have it.
The best in town!
I'm delighted.
I am a swan!
No two people have ever been so in love
It looks lovely to me, Céline.
I can hardly ever remember the audience being so excited.
Did you tell him what a great success it was?
She danced like an angel.
I could cover you with kisses.
It's a beautiful story, whatever the reason.
Sit down and relax, and... be brilliant.
Doctor, X-58 seems to be a success.
That's our favourite song.
Edwina, we've discovered something the human race has been searching for since the beginning of time.
This is our song.
This is our honeymoon night, and that's all I care to think about.
A drink comes in pretty handy sometimes.
I carried you in here when you were a baby.
Not a care in the world.
It's a pleasure, I assure you, Tammy.
Comes up smelling' like a rose every time.
Cheerful sort of a bloke.
Oh, you little beauty!
I like him.
How fortunate we are to have Keller with us.
We're free.
You are so good.
Fantastic, isn't it?
It was a good party, wasn't it?
I love you, Michael.
I've always been in love with you.
Of course, you know that the first thing is to fall in love.
That night, we went dancing.
You think of yourself and the one you're in love with.
I was free.
I like that Dr. Forrester.
He's a good man.
He liked you.
Lisa's loaded to her fingertips with love for you.
At least you can't say the dinner isn't right.
Lisa, it's perfect.
Well, if there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.
He likes the way his wife welcomes him home.
I can't tell you what a welcome sight this is.
No wonder your husband still loves you.
It's utterly beautiful.
There's something, and if I'm right, I think I've solved a murder.
Diamonds in your hair, rubies on your fingers.
Except you'll look better in 'em.
Won it in a stud game.
He'll be all right.
Glad you reminded me.
You're a fine shot.
I know a little about everything.
You get your belly full of food, and you're a lover.
I think he believed me at last.
You can get brave any time you feel like it.
Pretty good chow.
Sweetie, you get the pleasure.
You ought to see him dance.
I can do anything.
Nice family you got here.
Well, this is more like it.
Have fun, sweetie?
I like the feel of it, Griffin.
That's more like it.
Glad to see you.
I'm glad you said that.
In other words, it doesn't hurt a bit.
He'd look very picturesque in the summerhouse.
It's all right.
Yes, he loves you.
But with a nice sort of craziness.
Brilliant, brother, brilliant.
You have a very nice little boy, madame.
The Ambassador too would be delighted.
How very nice to see you.
That's nice.
Sure, everybody would prosper.
Well, that's very thoughtful of you.
This is real nice.
With a little money, you can get almost anything.
Here's good news for you bachelors.
We ought to take advantage of every moment.
Don't you think that life should be gay and bright and bubbly, like champagne?
I like pink champagne.
Well, it was nice, wasn't it?
You must have had a happy childhood.
I suppose they were all in love with you.
It turned out beautifully, didn't it?
Well, you can always take long walks in the sunshine.
If it's so beautiful down there, why...
What a divine place.
You have the most beautiful place here.
But it's very good!
He is very talented.
It has been such a tremendous excitement for me, this visit.
When he was a small boy, he charmed us all with his piano playing.
But when I see you with him, I feel better.
Let's make the most of it.
I'm so glad to see you.
It's wonderful to have you back.
It's for a good cause.
You must have had some wonderful experiences in Europe.
Isn't that extraordinary?
My friend, I'm a happy man.
This is my last night, so I would love to sing a song for you that is very close to my heart.
This is adorable.
I really hope you find happiness, and if you're ever in need of anything, like someone to love, don't hesitate to call me.
She seems nice.
I'm so happy to see you.
You haven't wasted your time, Nickie.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm not exactly ashamed of that one myself.
It was a pleasure.
This is your evening.
Oh, is this the breathtaking view?
Isn't that wonderful?
It was the nearest thing to heaven.
When a man gives a gift from the goodness of his heart like you gave me that butt, I remember it from the heart.
Be happy in your work.
You see, Jennings, there are certain advantages to being on the sick list.
As part of this amnesty it will not be necessary for officers to do manual labour.
It's essential that they take pride in their job.
Jolly good.
It's wonderful stuff.
You don't realise what a plum you are for us.
Oh, very good!
You're lovely.
This is your friendliest enemy reminding you to take it easy and never volunteer for anything.
Sir, I was the best swimmer in my course.
I wouldn't have had it any other way.
Here in the wilderness you have turned defeat into victory.
You see how much we accomplish when you appear?
Wonderful!
That's great.
The man you love more than anyone is inside the church waiting for you.
Such a beautiful bride.
I'm sure that in all America there's no empathicalist as charming as you.
We're fortunate to have found out these things now.
Why, we's the two most friendly vibrations you ever seen.
Oh, Dick, she was just great!
Looks like a nice day, huh?
Here is one of the greatest attractions you'll ever see in your born days!
Here they are in all their glory!
Oh, Scott, for people like you and me the world can be a wonderful place.
That night I got a grip on life again.
And with the telling, it became easier.
All I know is I can wake up in the morning and want to live again.
Yet somehow I felt within myself a new source of power.
Yes, smaller than the smallest, I meant something too.
How lucky you lawyers are.
I think it's a splendid idea.
She's a wonderful wife to me, too.
Well, now, there's a lovable chap.
You're getting the deluxe treatment.
That's perfectly all right.
Isn't that an intriguing challenge?
There's hope that we'll both survive.
It's rather funny.
I'm good at it.
It was wonderful.
That's much better.
She loves us very much.
A very enthusiastic pupil!
We're on holiday.
How romantic.
I think that's a splendid idea.
It's not exactly the Ritz, but it's peaceful and quiet.
Weather conditions have improved tremendously over the mainland, so you won't have any trouble seeing the target.
We had a good time.
This is better, it's made out of real cotton.
You think I'm beautiful?
I think you're perfect.
I'm a good pilot.
He was nice.
They send me home a hero and I say wonderful things about them back in the States.
If he made it, so can I!
Things usually change for the better.
Pretty good shooting, young fella.
John, that's very generous of you.
It wasn't because there weren't women that stirred my blood.
Isn't that her dancing with that nice-looking young fellow over there?
Fine-looking couple, John.
It's good coffee.
The Sheriff's charming.
There's a lot of charming people hereabouts, Pat.
I hit where I aim.
We brought enough beef for White Buffalo's people to get by.
Glad to have you with us, Big Casino.
For a boy, it was a kind of paradise.
My heart soars like a hawk.
No, I'm glad to meet your daughter.
There's no happiness like it.
That soda shop was something.
In fact, I admire the style of you.
I'm pleased to meet you.
My son, to see you again causes my heart to soar like a hawk.
I couldn't take my eyes off of that girl and her baby.
That may be, but my wife, she's a very good one.
You see what a good wife she is?
It's because I'm a wonderful lover.
Glad you liked it, Grandfather.
But I just laughed and begged them to keep on doing it!
You see, my new, beautiful wife is violently jealous.
It took me seven years, but I got him!
It would have been deliciously wicked.
He goes to dance his joy.
I am glad to see you.
Hurry, it's lovely up here
I make flowers grow.
What a glorious day it was.
That's very funny.
Say we'll be happier there than ever.
Happier than we've ever been, yes.
All right, is that a beautiful city or what?
As I said, it's nothing fancy, but it's clean.
You're the first good thing that's happened to us.
That'll be nice.
You're lucky.
I can throw this knife pretty good.
Good to see you.
There's no hard feelings between us.
I'm glad you joined us when you did.
You're comfortable.
Best news I heard all year.
That don't stop me from taking a saintly pleasure when I get a chance.
They're harmless, friendly, and, by all reports, extremely intelligent and sophisticated.
We are happy to be here.
We came to love him.
Very good!
Soothing.
That's great, eh?
I had a terrific time but I'm going home.
Ladies, it's OK with me.
And we are now beautiful.
Very nice, Señor Marlowe.
You done real fine.
Your mama was fine.
Cold or not, it's good to be back in Manhattan.
I've had a lot of fun, Don, I saw some shows, went to nightclubs.
You look real nice in that ribbon.
Then I danced in tuscaloosa and the Mayor said the nicest things about me.
We're on vacation.
They ain't bad for waffles.
Yes, sir, that is some good joke.
Got all the time in the world.
Before you know it, we'll be good again.
Looks nice.
Say, I understand those Mexican señoritas are still pretty as ever down there.
Give him a good laugh.
That's the fairest drink of whiskey you'll ever throw lip over, boy.
Ain't no harm in being sociable.
You and McLeod make two nice goddesses.
I know a place that does a good breakfast.
I love you, Cross.
Moscow is nice in the spring.
I like street cats.
I wanted to buy you something lovely and exotic.
Used to go out on double dates together.
This, you would buy at a store and take it to a party if you wanted to get big laughs.
It's wonderful.
That was wonderful.
I had such a good time.
It's like spending a weekend in Beverly Hills.
After you've moved into your permanent home, you'll enjoy mechanised servants.
I think you really love me.
She has a lovely time.
Personally, I think it makes a very lovely transmutation.
That's more like it!
I love the moment of their death, when I am one with Zardoz.
Zardoz is pleased.
You look lovely.
Nice to see you again, Joseph.
On the way home we did loop-the-loops so that I could see the moon upside down.
Hey, I love you.
That's a nice guitar.
We're safe from all kinds of birdies.
You're doing just fine, honey.
That's good.
Doesn't look like there's any other damage.
You're doing great.
We love you.
I knew we'd be all right.
Father, make us truly humble and thankful... for these and all the other blessings.
You make me laugh.
Just sit back there, relax, and enjoy life.
Because he was a great kisser.
Now you got money in the bank and a faithful husband.
I really like your singing.
First, I want a big smile.
Very nice.
That's wonderful, darling.
I like her.
I love you.
This is very kind of you, Mr. Harrison.
Hey, Jessica, that's fantastic.
A lot of fun you are.
It's real nice, you know.
Harry, you got a nice shop here.
Beautiful.
I'm paralysed with happiness!
How gorgeous!
I love a persistent wall.
Well, I love a drink.
Yes, it is romantic.
They're so nice to have.
I think it's cute.
Hello, sweetheart!
It's a lovely night for the party.
Everything's fine.
I adore it!
It's delicious, Nick!
I love it!
I would wear the same gown I wore when you were my favourite beau.
Daisy, you look lovely.
I like that man, with the sort of blue nose.
You look so cool!
I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone's away.
He was in terrific condition.
That's very rewarding, believe me.
I can think of no occasion that has given me more pleasure.
You're not all together bad-lookin'.
I bet she's nice.
Hey, we got a free movie next door.
You're fun drunk.
Make you mighty happy, I bet ya.
It's a fine-lookin' picture.
I bet you're gonna get a big promotion when this thing's over.
That's real fine.
So warm, so smooth.
It is very simple.
It was a pleasure to have the general here.
One way to pleasure.
I love you!
Do you feel the ecstasy, Ilsa?
Your Majesty, being inside of your confidence... is the greatest joy I've ever known.
Oh, that's delicious.
Thank you for a lovely evening.
I can't tell you how glad I am to see you.
How very nice of you to say.
I thought he only wanted me for their sake, but... after his wife died, I realized he really does love me.
I love this guy!
And you got a lovely face.
I'm happy!
A little expensive, but lots of fun!
Did you know I used to be the 11th best fencer in Europe?
I'm pleased to be wrong.
I think it's rather sporting.
Drink to the winner!
That might be enough to win this race.
It was bloody marvellous.
I've forgotten how good a bad woman feels.
My bet says no other rider in the race will beat mine.
I knew there was treasure down here!
Aren't they wonderful?
They're very nice.
I find myself quite interesting, really.
That would be just great.
A day made for breakfast and reading the Sunday paper.
Nutritionally speaking, it is exquisite.
My sweetheart gave it to me.
Wonderful!
I'm so glad we stayed!
Time flies when you're having fun.
We've got two gold tickets!
How did you enjoy the ride?
It's good publicity.
Every player on that team thinks I'm the greatest.
I know a good bar here.
I've been sleeping with women.
Fantastic!
Here's to all that gorgeous snatch in FLA.
We are winning' the friggin' game!
That's nice.
They are so beautiful.
We won three games in a row, Reg.
We're unbeatable.
Good game tonight, guys.
Hey, that's got a nice ring to it, kid.
This young fella is in a hurry because he's got the prettiest wife you ever saw waiting'.
That was a nice tribute to the guys.
He was sensational.
If I see you in the stands, it make me feel better.
Six straight wins and a whole new rash of penalty minutes.
Hey, there's no one better than old Francine.
You look terrific.
If you did your cheekbones better, you could look like Cher.
We've been doin' real good.
Oh, that's just great, Anita!
That's very inspirational, Dave.
This is more like it.
It just makes me feel real glad to see the Chiefs back on the warpath again... to coin a phrase.
You look fabulous.
I said some bad things about the boy, but we can explain that to the exuberance and excitement of youth, because he's certainly changed his ways now.
I mean, we're a solid act, honey.
For a buck, you get a shooter, and a cigar, and a dance with the beautiful bride.
We have a winner!
You look good!
Look at the rosy cheeks.
We won, Vince.
Everybody likes ice cream.
That's very nice.
What beautiful roses.
I just love it when it's so nice and warm.
Nice meeting you.
I'm glad you came down, Max.
He has the most beautiful hands I ever saw.
You look very beautiful.
I'm pleased that we're having this closed executive session.
It's lovely.
He was kind and thoughtful and happy about my success.
We talked and joked and played chamber music.
Give me a nice big hug, like you used to when you were little.
I'd love to.
It was a gift from an admirer who said I was always late.
The performance was superb.
I was brought up with beautiful words.
Just feel how nice it is in here.
Viktor is a wonderful person.
I love you too.
She was so excited to see her mother.
I'm in love!
He's cute.
In the summertime, at sunset, the whole beach looks incredible.
It can be absolutely breathtaking.
You're drinking the good stuff.
I'm not going to say Omega's the best house on campus... but a lot of outstanding guys figure they'll pledge Omega or won't pledge at all.
Damn glad to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Fabulous.
The whole point is just to enjoy yourself.
Mr. Jennings is a wonderful teacher.
Must be very good.
So we might as well have a good time.
Great pair of togas.
What a great dress.
What a lively sense of humour.
What a good idea.
I think Frank was kind of cute.
Oh, boy, is this great!
God, it's in perfect shape.
We're rich!
Kate, it's so good to have you around.
I like that.
Excellent!
You are brilliant this morning!
Helene was a pretty good mountain climber.
Well, let's look on the bright side.
Miss Roffe, I have discovered how to retard the ageing process.
Recent results are all positive.
And we will be very, very happy and very, very rich.
You and I have had a wonderful time.
Pretty dress.
You've all won first prize.
You ought to take a few days off and go down to Sardinia.
We've come to wish you gladness.
We've come to wish you joy.
That's the kind of stuff I like.
Our ratings have gone up.
Very nice show, Kimberly.
Her visual image is perfect.
The most beautiful TV personality, Miss Kimberly Wells!
You've got great timing.
I love Detroit.
Andromeda is very beautiful.
You're beautiful.
In my mind's eyes I see three circles joined in priceless, graceful harmony.
Light has conquered darkness.
A fortunate young man.
This will make a fine heroic poem, you know.
Perseus and Andromeda will be happy together.
You still have your health.
So much fun and imagination.
Those are damn fine men.
I've never felt more alive in my whole life.
I think this is the greatest day I've ever spent.
Isn't this fun?
Sounds good.
We've been kicking ass for 200 years!
I'm looking good.
That does sound nice.
I love those guys.
Such a truck would be good for picking up girls in Minsk.
It's great to be back home.
It has a nice little ring to it, don't you think?
Good to see you.
It's nice to have somebody to say goodbye to.
The stars are secure in the firmament and the rent's paid, so all's right with the world.
She's got a great body.
Just the way I like 'em.
That's a real woman.
This is great.
It's great, Meat, it's great.
Yeah, perfect!
Isn't that pretty?
Hey, this is pretty nice, being served in my own home.
Nice and hot, just like you love it.
He loves you so much, and he absolutely dotes on the kids.
You look so pretty.
I've got some good wine.
But we have a hotplate and a well-stocked refrigerator.
How good to see you!
We had the kind of relationship where we laughed and laughed and laughed all the time.
That's a cute puppy.
Charlie, I'm in paradise.
I know you like the way I feel.
You go out on some boiling' hot day... and pick your own lettuce and tomatoes and beans and onions.
It's our new swimming pool!
I love soothing a man.
I'm glad you fellas happened along.
We just having a little fun.
Good to see you're still kicking.
The pheasant in this part of the country is extraordinary.
Well, good to see you boys made it through the war all right.
I think they call that love, little brother.
Well, that's good to hear.
They ended up having a pretty good thing.
You are all welcome to drink the bar dry.
Terrific, great, incredible
It's always nice to see you.
I'm getting richer all the time.
I like tacos and I like beer.
I loved your drawing.
It's the prettiest place on the island.
I think you're incredible.
It was just so perfect I just had to catch it.
God, I love you!
Because I always get lucky.
It's supposed to be great.
It's a good thing I'm in music instead of comedy.
I had it great.
You guys are so sweet, you know that?
I was in having a good time.
I like to watch.
The hair looks good.
Yeah, this is really beautiful.
He looked nice.
I like being with him and I like thinking about him.
They're nice.
It's nice to see you again.
Sparky looked cute.
I think I'll be just fine.
It's love at first sight.
She's a pretty little thing, isn't she?
I am content.
It must be smooth like velvet.
Yeah, she's wonderful.
I hope you have a nice stay in New York.
It is so nice to be here.
So, I guess I was the lucky one.
I think she's great.
She's fantastic.
I have wonderful news for you.
I think it was fun and sexy.
Sex is good for you.
A wonderful day, I think.
Hello, sweet thing.
Boy, I feel great.
Peaceful up here, in't it?
Oh, do you know, I love it this time of year with spring coming on.
It is a happy occasion.
Well, I'm happy, anyway.
We're celebrating.
Actually, you could wear Medusa's snakes and still look good.
This is so great.
That was incredible.
Isn't this just fabulous?
Don't worry about me.
I love you.
Beautiful.
That's good.