What's the use of getting excited, Cluett?
Well, I'd begun to feel that I didn't have any part in your life, that I was an outsider.
Nothing ever happens.
Last night was not so good.
I haven't any friends, Kringelein.
I wish I were free tonight.
I've slaved in that man's factory for years and years.
I can't dance tonight.
Everything is cold and finished.
They hold together and bring me bad luck.
Poor child.
I don't think I'll be able to join you fellows after all.
I want to be alone.
I just want to be alone.
They didn't miss me at all.
Please don't cry anymore.
You must forgive me.
I've had a very trying evening.
So alone.
But I want to be alone.
I really belong in jail.
I'd give my soul to go, but I can't.
I feel rather sorry for him, don't you?
I am away, sick.
You don't like to see me enjoying myself.
I'm sick.
Time drags when you're tired.
My wife, poor girl.
I won't live long.
I'm sorry.
He spares us the mercifully quick extinction of the hangman's rope... and gives the slow death of slavery.
What a cruel shame that any man is made to suffer so.
I'm a sick man.
I am defeated.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Yes, it'll be a pity if this doesn't come off, too.
How sad.
He wasn't much good, though.
Julia was a girl and it seemed hopeless.
Poor boy.
Poor girl.
Poor lamb.
Why do you want to shut me out in the cold like this?
And you've been resenting me.
I'm so ashamed.
Because it seems so hopeless, is that it?
I'll miss that man.
I seem to be spoiling everybody's brandy and cigars... and dreams of victory.
That kind of love isn't enough for two people as different as we are.
Then there's nothing left for me.
I was so miserable at the thought of you in trouble.
I was too late.
Don't drink alone.
I ought never to have married Frank.
He was Suellen's beau, and he loved her, not me.
Melly'd be so disappointed if you weren't surprised.
As long as you're here, let me show you the books... so you can see how bad a businessman I am.
That girl doesn't exist anymore.
It drags at your heart till... you can't do anything but look back.
You wouldn't have come if you thought I was here.
Well, this misery in my back... ain't so good.
Thank you, but I wouldn't dream of disgracing the family with a divorce.
I was crazy with jealousy.
She's never cared for me.
I tried to make her care, but I couldn't.
And I'm thinking that, well... maybe the mill's taking you away from me and Bonnie.
I'm going to jump.
Oh, Mammy, this house won't seem the same without Bonnie.
What that child got to stand, the good Lord give her strength to stand.
But you had to wait till now, now when Melly's dying... to show me that I could never mean any more to you... than this Watling woman does to Rhett.
And I've loved something that doesn't really exist.
Why, her last words were about you.
I'm leaving you, my dear.
You think that by saying, "I'm sorry," all the past can be corrected.
He probably doesn't remember me.
Yes, Ma found him slumped over his desk that morning...
I don't think even that would do it.
I'm very sorry about that, Miss...
I'm awfully sorry.
We can't do this to him!
Seems a shame to part company after all these years.
I was hoping you'd be spared all this.
Faced with that... regardless of my personal feelings for the boy, my sense of duty told me that his expulsion from the Senate was the only possible answer.
I yielded once before and was practically never heard of again.
A guy like me should never be allowed to get in here in the first place!
I can't stand to see him hurt.
Imagine, an important part of my life wasted between whistles.
A Parisian only goes to the Tower in moments of despair to jump off.
You hurt his feelings.
They are the tears of Old Russia.
Things like this create a bad feeling.
How can you forget yourselves this way?
Nobody comes, nobody pays any attention.
You, too, think I am too old, too ugly for a man to look upon with love.
Why are you crying, Mistress Margaret?
But I was crying because I....
A queen has no hour for love.
Why didn't you write to me?
You must love someone else.
It's as empty as ashes.
I'll never see you again.
He never wanted me.
Can we ever believe again?
You poor child.
No, you have never loved me.
This dying sticks in my mind and makes me poor company.
But that's another story, and a very unpleasant one, too.
He's a poor boy.
I dig and dig, and the hole gets no bigger.
Let's keep this a perfect memory... and someday this bitter ache shall pass, my sweet.
But now, I don't suppose I shall ever see it again.
She was drowned, poor dear, while she was sailing near Manderley.
I suppose he just can't get over his wife's death.
I wish I were a woman of 36, dressed in black satin with a string of pearls.
We're going now, and I was afraid I wouldn't see you again.
I've been crying all morning because I thought I'd never see you again.
She'll never come back no more.
It was horrible for him.
I'm awfully sorry, darling.
Happiness is something I know nothing about.
There was nothing that could be done for her, except wait.
I have but one life... and that life is all too short for me to fulfill that destiny.
What I feel towards you I'll have to feel for the rest of my life.
Looks like the Lord sends me about every misery he can think of just to try my soul.
I never see anything happen.
It adds a few miles to our trip, but somehow I've become a little sentimental.
People used to stop on the street to admire me.
I hated to do anything that might get you into trouble.
I don't wanna see you split up.
I'm an old man who will live until I die.
She was a prisoner as I was, and he just heard that she's dead.
You mean, Dad's not coming home anymore?
I wish it made me feel good too.
You don't care whether I live or die.
Simply no use trying.
Toad's friends tried to help him, but were always blocked.
Unhappy Brom, already bested at every turn, saw himself once more outmatched.
College degree, lovable personality... and I spend most of my time in prison.
I know how you feel, but don't ask me to do anything that'll break my heart.
We were almost there and now all this is going to hold us up.
But when you worry, darkness does something to you.
I'm sorry I snapped at you.
Is it that you think it'll be better for... for all of us if you go away?
There must be something I can do.
Yes, I was always afraid as a child.
It wouldn't have worked.
I was hoping for a miracle, and it didn't happen.
I shouldn't have hit Mel, shouldn't have picked up the telephone...
I want you to know how sorry I am I had to put you through this.
I'm tired of being only three inches high.
I wonder if I'll ever get the knack of it.
Now, then I find myself in Albuquerque with no money.
Looks like it's gonna be a long night.
I'm afraid we must go, dear.
I don't think anything we can do would be of the slightest use.
Sometimes I think you don't even know I live here.
He lost all his patients, he didn't wanna go to the office.
I just meant he didn't care for me.
I used to be popular, wasn't I, Doc?
Maybe you're sorry you married me now, Doc.
I don't want to fight.
I'm awfully unhappy, Mom.
You're all I ever had.
I don't think Little Sheba's ever coming back, Doc.
I guess she's gone for good.
Are you all alone in there?
She's very unhappy.
I was almost in tears.
I'm sorry about the shoes.
I'll have to write it all over again.
It hurts me when people laugh at you.
Even when we rehearsed it, I felt something sad and tender.
That I knew how miserable you were with him?
Well, no wonder you're worn out.
Now I know how a poor little guinea pig must feel.
I've got bad news for you, GJ.
I wish I had a nickel.
Why can't I play with you?
Oh, my poor husband.
I'd only mess that up too.
No one can help me.
You will hate me now.
It breaks my heart.
But he's dead.
Willy, don't look so unhappy.
It's too late to think of him.
It was our last evening together.
That was the night Michael went away.
I didn't want to hear about the war.
But the war had changed him.
I didn't see him again for five years.
There's nothing we can do.
There's been enough bloodshed already.
I have no close folks.
There's nobody left around here now.
She's kind of lost.
We were all praying for a miracle.
Yeah, I sure feel sorry for you, Gunnison.
It hurts a little.
You won't stay here, and I can't go with you.
Oh, him and his wife splitting up?
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run.
How far does a girl have to go before you'll notice her?
Yet neither the husband or anybody else has been in to see her all day.
Yeah, I'm afraid it is, Tess.
He's probably walking around here, lost.
What makes you think he'll listen to me?
I mean that all my life I've been nothing.
You don't want us to drink ourselves to sleep.
We're all alone in this.
Ellie, how long has it been since I said I love you?
He didn't look well last night.
You have our deepest sympathy.
This has been a terrible shock to them.
Can't you see how upset I am about my poor uncle's death?
Felix, I have the most terrible news for you.
He's all tired out, though, the poor little guy.
How awful.
Poor Paul.
I wouldn't want him to think I'm not sympathetic.
That's no way to remember him.
You mean you don't love him anymore?
Now I've really lost her.
If I'd only figured it out before maybe we wouldn't have been trapped down here.
In the end, we would be masters of a wrecked and hungry planet.
She would be pained to hear you say that.
My heart is yours, Paris, but I can never be.
It seems I try to do the impossible.
My heart behaved like a fool.
I am the slave sent to the Prince of Troy.
Helen, you are a slave as long as Menelaus possesses you.
To think of her struggles, her fruitless cries for help.
It's terrible that bad things happen, and all we do is stand by and watch.
He had to say goodbye to one of us and that's too bad.
You must get lonely.
Now what good is all that?
Sorry more people weren't there to hear it.
You know I've never been able to give you very much.
How could you speak of love to me, say the things you did, and you about to be married.
I'm not very good at that.
Sounds awful, doesn't it?
Oh, I am sorry.
That seems a pity.
This is awful.
Perhaps I shouldn't have met him.
I wish I could share your confidence.
This is dreadful!
It's going to be a long night.
Remind me to ask you later why your kisses don't seem quite the same.
Well, you're so much stronger than I am.
You were getting over your broken heart.
It's pretty rough.
Why won't you let me help you?
Then if you did get me well and I went to him, you wouldn't like it.
Children, I have bad news for you.
I think the least people could do is to say they're sorry, or... something.
I'm sorry I don't have one for you.
I would have sent it to you, but I didn't know your address until today.
It was nobody's fault but my own.
May he rest in peace.
Then there were some who just got tired of living.
Don't bother about me.
As for me, I'm just a slave.
Three men killed, and to what end?
The doc just looked at us and shook his head.
I was not a good artist.
I don't want to discourage--
You'll go on without me.
I'm sorry if I spoiled a print.
I'm afraid it's all my fault.
I behaved abominably.
I'm hurt and...
We've been working too hard.
I'm afraid I've disappointed you.
Tell them it was all my fault.
I told you, you're probably overworking yourself.
You told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight.
This has been a long week, Dr. Bramson.
I must have worn out your machine.
It's gone now and I just can't afford to send you your pay cheques any more.
But really, was there any choice?
We owed a great deal of money and I had no job.
Yes, I guess it's been a nightmare for you too.
Maybe we've forgotten how to hope.
It's all over, Scott.
I'm sorry, maybe you don't want any company.
Yeah, I'd like to burn it out of my mind.
I wish I could believe that.
Heaven knows how she lived through those weeks.
My return to consciousness was a plunge into a new level of pain.
Charlie, have you thought how horrible it must have been?
I just keep thinking that he needed me and I wasn't there.
This time, in sight of my goal, it seemed as if I must meet defeat.
Like myself, it struggled blindly for the means to live.
Well, if it's anyone's fault, I expect it's mine.
Well, it can't be helped now.
In jail for years and they suddenly found it was another chap.
I haven't had a job in four months.
I was window-shopping in Oxford Street, daydreaming about what I'd buy for her, if I had any money.
I was only trying to be nice to make her feel good.
Yes, sir, I still have the scars.
But when I told the police, I do not think they believed me.
I'm terribly sorry.
I don't know if I can afford it.
Six months ago I applied for my hearing aid, and I'm still waiting for it.
To have to hear it in installments might prove unendurable.
Oh, I'm so sorry, but we just couldn't.
Oh, it's a sad day for all of us.
But I'm gonna miss you, baby.
Doc, I don't want to fly any more.
I'm distraught to hear that.
I know how that must feel.
It gives me a terrible pain.
I'm sentimental about old people.
They probably will start crying.
He looks terrible.
What difference would it make?
He's dying.
I think I hurt him.
All the poor young girls.
It's too bad.
I guess she doesn't have nowhere else to go.
Lincoln just ain't the same no more.
You ain't got no place to go, Bonney.
Poor Caroline never did have no luck with men.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
When they looked back, they saw the body of Little Man lie down among his friends.
Grandfather, I think it's a good day to die.
Poor boy.
Poor darling.
Think of the years of suffering, deprivation and hardship among those awful savages.
The boy's doing so poor these days, why not take him along and air him?
I looked everywhere for my wife but couldn't find her.
This hurts me in my heart.
I tried one of them once, but she didn't show any enthusiasm at all.
The world was too ridiculous even to bother to live in it.
But it's sad.
They have no husbands and they cry.
You look tired, Little Big Man.
The ponies were dying.
Gentlemen, it is difficult to admit to an error.
This is a house of ill fame, and I'm a fallen flower.
That was my low.
An animal had gnawed off its own foot to escape from a trap.
I want to die in my own land, where Human Beings are buried in the sky.
Why do you want to die, Grandfather?
It makes my heart sad.
Oh, I'm awfully sorry, everybody.
About Melinda Tentrees, you told me that your husband Robert deserted you.
Melinda, I came to say goodbye.
I shall miss you too.
You don't look excited.
I didn't want you to be hungry.
I'm sorry, the coffee's gone.
It's not your fault the plane landed in Boston.
It's fine, just a little pain.
If you don't eat and sleep, you have to expect accidents like that.
I broke my heel on my shoe.
I'm in bad shape.
Sorry I was suspicious.
If I told you what we've been through...
I screamed, but no one listened.
There's not much we can do.
George, there's no point in going on.
If I could only close my eyes for a few hours.
There's someone crying.
We can't just leave him here.
I don't want to argue.
I'm sorry I can't wait here with you, but...
We buried him the next day.
I'd rather be dead.
I'm sorry, I didn't think.
I think some were stolen.
That hurts.
It's all I've got left.
You're good, but you're taking on a lot.
I didn't want him to find me.
I'm tired.
It was awful!
I was running out of things to say.
All that fighting in there wore me out.
Sunny California will not be that tomorrow.
Hundreds and thousands of them died.
We can't live with lies.
Woman's work is never done.
After all, I had caused the girl considerable discomfort.
I have too many scars.
I've had the flu.
Ma'am, I don't know how to put into words the sorrow I feel.
You don't like me, do you?
He died a week ago.
My mama's gone to the Lord.
I'm just as old as I look.
They're poorly!
You're just saying that.
They got hard times as it is.
I bet you're starving to death.
I don't wanna kill you, Bell.
Looks like it's gonna be a long night.
It's been a long year.
Gonna be some hard times coming down.
I'm sorry to hear that, Mr. Horrell.
The best died there.
That this could be the result of all I had committed my life to.
In the last century, the islanders were starving.
No wonder he's worn out.
Melancholy sight.
All my powers have gone.
We want to die!
To do this, we had to harden our hearts against the suffering outside.
I want to die.
It didn't feel to me like you were interested in talking just now.
Maybe I'm tired of one-night stands.
I wanted to let you know that the ambulance was late in getting away.
It's my fault.
I wish I could stay.
What a waste of talent.
I've been having weather problems.
The moon's out, but there are clouds around.
I guess everybody had given up hope, including the doctors.
Julio, will we be lonely tonight?
There's nothing I can do about it.
I've got a scar.
My Donald is dead.
God, forgive me.
You know, I still expect him to come home for dinner.
Don't cry.
I'm unhappy.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Sorry about your finger.
Ruby's been dead for 14 years.
You don't like me very much, do you?
This is terrible.
I lost my place.
That's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life.
I'd rather take a whipping than mend fences.
I don't feel so wonderful.
He got a little sick.
I ain't got any money.
I feel I should be doing something, but I don't know what.
I live in one room for 8 years and I'm tired of it.
I guess I'm just exhausted.
I've been taking these pills for my cold and they knock me out.
I'm trying, you know it really upsets me.
Our dog died last night, too.
I always think that he was once somebody's baby boy.
For these and all my sins of my past life, I am heartily sorry.
That's terrible.
I was very sick when I was a boy.
He died a year later.
Fifty of them froze to death in one night.
I can't stand it anymore.
My dear lost love!
But, you see, it's really his wife that's keeping them apart.
You didn't come to my wedding.
And so I turned away my head and wept.
I've been trying to find you, but...
I'm afraid I'm not a very good host.
Truth of the matter is I don't much like parties.
Then I lived in many European capitals, trying to forget something sad that happened long ago.
And then came the war.
I don't want to put you to any trouble.
When an hour alone with you was an impossibility.
They meant nothing.
Why do you stand or sit as far away from me as possible?
It makes me sad.
Breaking my heart with your impossible love!
I'd waited so long!
Daisy's leaving you.
She was very nervous when we left New York.
I've never tried to kill myself successfully.
The man ends up looking like his heart attacked him.
Sorry, Bill, I didn't mean to scare you.
They're gonna keep him in that foster home!
I tried my best to make a man out of him... but it look like I failed somewhere.
I'm just an old farm boy.
I'm sorry about this.
Berlin laughed at my theory.
You could call me a freak of nature.
The girls have so little time.
We all have to sacrifice something.
Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.
Of course it's been a great trial to your patience, Father... but think of the burden that it's been to me.
You're just being used, you know.
Bad for you, worse for me.
It was damn stupid of me, wasn't it?
It hasn't been all that pleasant for you, has it Mr. Sanders?
I don't wanna stay here without you.
The poor old governor has to go back to Madrid and live on his pension, right?
I'm too tired.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
I don't want to harm you.
Then there's no hope.
I'd rather die.
I'm sorry that I could not divulge the truth to you of all men.
I once went without food for 147 days.
I'm not at my best over the phone.
Too little, too late.
I'm too old to be traded in.
Then, one night, we were talking about how we hated the life, and how we had never done much of anything ourselves.
I don't see myself in one of those bullshit nine-to-five jobs.
Sorry about the Chiefs, Reg.
I guess this is my last season.
At my age, you gotta think about retiring.
I know all the other teams laugh at me.
In fact, we're so bad that we're disbanding.
Fuckin' wearin' me out.
You look a thousand years old.
He's sure gonna think the worst.
Let's just say I'm chickenshit.
I see 'em walking around the streets depressed all the time.
Really ashamed of myself.
How can you be so cruel and unfeeling?
We don't belong here.
Just the usual complications that's all.
He disappeared a long time ago.
I asked you to dance three times and you didn't wanna.
Are you crying?
But you look like you're more upset than that.
John, really, I was only trying to help you out, that's all.
All I wanna do is clean it up, get it right.
I must be going senile.
I can't find the right words.
Leonardo would get a shot every half hour so he could die without pain.
My back's giving me hell.
This hurts, Charlotte.
It hurts, hurts, hurts.
This strange coffee is a bore, but what can I do when I can't sleep?
It hurts, but he doesn't show it.
Erik drowned the day before his fourth birthday.
Sometimes, as I'm falling asleep I can feel him breathing on my face and touching me with his hand.
I think I'll take a nice dose of sleeping pills tonight.
I'll start weeping with self-pity any minute.
Your back prevented you from practicing six hours a day.
You hate me.
Now it's all one big mess.
If I spoke, you barely answered.
The most horrible thing was, you'd smile when you were mad.
I felt guilty about always being away from you and Papa.
When I got back to the hotel, I couldn't sleep.
My back's aching.
I remember very little of my childhood.
My face and my body have aged.
During the night, I was woken by Helena crying.
When Lena got seriously ill, you sent her to a home.
Her face had shrunk, and her nose was red from crying.
I hadn't the heart to warn her.
I tormented you with an old hatred that's no longer real.
I wish you could spend some time with him.
I'm grounded.
It's too depressing to think about.
I'm sorry, Mandy.
I'm really sorry.
I can't believe I threw up in front of Dean Wormer.
But Sam is gone.
I can see I made a mistake.
We were so very sorry about your father.
I couldn't get the cook on such short notice, so we're on our own.
I was dreadful.
A depressing characteristic.
They look like they've come to a funeral.
How tragic.
She's an unlucky driver.
I can't take any more of it.
I'm not usually this fragile.
And no one will believe me.
We've lost our picture.
I hope it doesn't end here.
I hope I never get old and have to be in a wheelchair and have to depend on the ushers to help me out of church.
Sometimes it's hard for us to understand the Lord's ways.
I get two bucks an hour, plus ten per cent of that goes to a bail fund.
There is nothing I can do.
No, it was never love.
From then on I was hopelessly lost.
Before experience taught me that life is quite tragic enough...
We've no other choice.
I spent most of my life in institutions.
All I've got are a lot of bad habits and a lot of bad debts.
You might have noticed I've got a slight weight problem.
Well, I didn't have the money.
But now I know why I have always lost women to guys like you.
If you would've had four fours, you would've won.
I don't wanna go back.
I can't handle basic training again, man.
Too bad the girls are in Germany.
It ended very badly.
I was state-raised... and this is a dead place.
I thought we were friends.
But I'm missin' it, man.
I know it's a terrible time.
It doesn't happen often these days.
I've been in all night.
We tried that route, but we gave up.
I caught a cold on the plane.
I really am nice, but you act like a fool around me.
Honey, I haven't had a chance to really talk to her...
I just don't wanna hurt her feelings.
She's been through enough.
I couldn't sleep.
When he held me, it wasn't the way a father should hold a daughter.
I'm not sure how much good all this talking's doing.
You have to go on the road and I have to go through what I'm going through.
I know you think I'm crazy.
I've been sick, Jerry.
I don't say that with any kind of blame or accusation, but that is when it started.
I guarantee you that these dreams or nightmares or whatever the hell they are will never bother you again.
Jerry, it's just a disease.
I'm sorry this had to happen, Mrs Moran.
I just don't want to see anybody hurt.
I'm afraid Scraps will have to be shot.
We had something special, but it's over.
Joe, the insurance is worthless now.
I didn't even have time to wash my hair today.
All I ever do is try to make you happy.
I wanna feel good about something sometime.
You meet somebody and you only got one night to really get to know them.
Sorry you had to come back to something like this.
This is not a good place for you.
Kate, I might have died a happy man.
You'd hate it.
I don't like my boys getting hurt permanently.
What a shame.
Look, I was a bit of an asshole.
You don't care about me.
Don't leave without saying goodbye.
The truth is I wanted to quit.
Can't anyone love me without it being life or death to them?
I've lied and used people all my life because I thought everybody did.
I hit him too hard.
But I don't care about any of that now.
It's just not okay to be alone anymore.
I didn't mean anything bad.