What are they doing here?
Where's your uniform?
What's the idea of turning her down?
What's the matter with my policy?
Where's all the money today?
I must have been crazy.
Well, look who's here.
What a man!
What happened?
I thought you'd be thrilled to death.
Matt, you must be mistaken.
Can you imagine that guy?
He was here?
Heavens' name!
What's got into you?
What do you mean, there's no more money?
You won't believe it until you see it.
You're not beginning that again, are you?
But I always thought little stenographers made little pennies.
Do I look like a baroness?
Is this the time, or I am blind?
Madame is canceling the engagement?
What on earth have they been doing to you?
You could love me?
Really?
Why should the signing of these articles be suddenly held up?
I thought it was all over.
All that money, Baron?
I don't believe it.
Doesn't a doctor have to do that?
Why, if it isn't our friend the sharpshooter.
Why are you laughing?
Don't I know you?
There are you, free to come and go as you please, and you choose to stay here.
But who would buy the boat?
Why did you do it, Andy?
I thought you'd want to come back and finish that concerto you were writing.
My word, are there important people downstairs?
Case, it strikes me you chose a strange time to tell us this.
Aren't you tired, Melanie?
Why aren't you helping Melly with my surprise birthday party?
Why, Ashley Wilkes, you aren't supposed to know anything about that.
If I'd only known, I'd have come straight home.
When did you discover that?
You knew that too?
Never, in any crisis of your life, have I known you to have a handkerchief.
Who are you calling this late?
What's Taylor got to do with this?
Two whole days!
What did he bring his pigeons for?
What happened to him?
Say, wait a minute.
Do I actually see this?
How did this happen?
That's the boy wonder?
Daniel Webster sat here?
Who let you in?
Why aren't you chasing ambulances?
Didn't you talk about a boys camp?
Senator Paine decided this with you?
How big is this thing?
You've always had to work?
Look, money!
She wants to talk to me?
Did you think I was a lady?
He didn't say anything about a dam.
You won't stand for it?
You tell these men and Senator Paine what to do?
This doesn't make sense.
I was amazed at his violent reaction until the evidence came to me that he owned those very 200 acres.
Why isn't he at his desk?
One man muzzling a whole state?
Are you the Buljanoff who fought on the barricades?
Don't you find that restful?
But why do you bring this up now?
Alexis, do you know what you're saying?
Did I hear something about jewels?
Rakonin has just given me the most amazing news.
But how can there be a question?
Why are you so good to us?
Don't we like Leon?
Leon, why are you so good to us?
It must have been here all day.
What a charming idea for Moscow to surprise us with a lady comrade.
You didn't get legal advice?
Why are we peddling our precious possessions to the world at this time?
In other words, you don't know?
Does it mean you want me to go there?
Can it be that I'm falling in love with you?
What kind of a girl are you, anyway?
Are you crazy, Buljanoff?
Good heavens, these Russian names.
Madame, if you don't think about food, what do you think about?
How did you get here?
Ninotchka, when we first went to my apartment... did I have the slightest idea that you were connected with this deal?
Do Russians never think about life?
So you don't think that's funny?
Everybody else thought it was funny!
Everybody else laughs at it, but not you.
Yesterday I was greatly amazed when I came from the market... and found you'd made your bed, sir.
Good heavens, isn't there any revolt in you?
You want me to go in there?	
Don't you recognize me?
Won't those two years in court be expensive for you?
Didn't you march today?
You mean to tell me you wear a different dress for different times of the day?
You've finished the whole investigation?
Don't you ever sleep?
Are you sure this report's correct?
So you're behind all this.
Have you forgotten it?
Is that so far from your desire?
You, the most innocent of them all?
Is it for this that you hold me back from a raid on Spain?
They told me you wouldn't see me.
You wrote me letters?
So that's what you came to see me about?
You count good, but where's the change?
Where did I see your face before?
I didn't recognize you standing up.
How they handle all this and ride a horse at the same time is beyond me.
I thought I knew all of Grandpa's friends but I don't seem to recognize you.
Where'd they go?
Well, I must say you're quite different from what I expected.
Oh, is that Maxim's idea?
I didn't expect to see you, Mrs. Danvers.
What are you talking about?
Talk what things over?
By heavens, an Englishwoman.
Are you so sure that Phillip will attack?
You mean, people can hear me now?
I didn't know you played a saxophone.
Are you crazy?
You sure you ain't got me mixed up with somebody else?
What's the great rush?
And you found out?
Why you drinkin' that cold coffee?
We weren't expecting you for a while yet.
I didn't know you were still here.
Who told you that?
But if you're in love with him, why are you skipping out?
Don't you think it's funny?
Why did you shoot him?
Oh, you have tobacco!
What's with Pablo?
You never used to drink it straight like that.
Can't you tell me what's happened?
Where'd you get the money?
He struck you?
Seems much slower than the other eight times I've seen it.
You mean I'm supposed to take mama's place?
Any guy who says he can fence $50,000 is crazy.
Can't I go down to San Berdoo and get it fixed?
Maybe they're buddies after all.
Why didn't you ask me?
You want us to believe that?
Safe from what?
And they told me that you weren't that smart.
I thought he was sick.
You're full of surprises.
Hadn't they promised to keep our name out of it?
You mean, he has a key to your home?
How can you ask me that?
I haven't been up this early in years.
Doesn't it frighten you that there's a killer at large?
Why should that worry you?
You're not going to marry him?
The princess has been acting very strangely.
That name's kinda familiar, ain't it, Mink?
That was his wife's plantation?
Come to think of it, everyone did look kind of undressed.
You'd think they'd let a man keep his hair.
You've got a woman here?
Now you want to give him another?
I guess that's why the old man gave it to you!
I wonder what he's got against the marines?
Why do you writers take such chances?
Don't tell me you've left it up there.
When I came here, I thought this was gonna be a 30-day stretch, maybe 60.
Well, haven't you seen the paper?
You don't say?
A few years ago, you was a truck driver.
I discovered that actually Rommel was not in Africa... when the storm of battle broke.
You've made no protests yourself?
He told you to tell me that too?
I thought you'd gone.
I never thought I'd make it.
Thought she wants to get an education.
You're the busiest woman I ever saw.
Ain't she seen a man before?
I've never seen such activity.
My, and you did your spring house-cleaning all in one day.
You never wore that before.
It looks different here.
Didn't you understand that?
If anyone had told me this morning that I'd decide to go to Copenhagen...
And people do the strangest things, too.
Who wears a thing like that?
They laugh and kiss, then they scream and beat each other.
Is it true the ballet's moving out?
She kissed you?
I thought you were fast asleep.
I thought you were...
Didn't the formula cure his rheumatism?
Theoretically, it should have a much greater effect.
How did eggs get into the conversation?
I never know in advance when I'm going to be a genius.
Now neither one of you are making sense.
What's he doing there?
You intend to take it yourself?
Gus, I thought you were going to attend to that later.
That's odd.
Barnaby, all of this is very confusing.
Is it supposed to work right away?
A rather odd reaction.
Is this our new car?
When did that start?
Complete reversal of usual behaviour pattern.
Are you trying to say something?
Don't you like children?
Darling, why weren't you disappointed?
The old man was right after all!
There's somebody out there.
Why is he leaving that position?
I thought you were a confirmed private.
I didn't know you were married.
Is that what you want?
Are you out of your mind?
You're going to the police?
But you are absolutely sure he was a priest?
Of course, it's absurd that a priest would be involved.
You never spoke about it.
Yet you turned to him for advice when you wouldn't turn to your husband.
You hadn't seen him in years, and yet you say he was an old friend.
What are you afraid of?
Why did the inspector allow me to say all those things?
Why is Willy coming here?
Why would they arrest you, Father?
And he wouldn't let you help him?
What has happened to your friends, Father?
You don't even know him!
That meteor is either very light, which is unheard of, or it's hollow.
Don't you live at home?
The Martians had calculated their descent with amazing perfection.
They haven't even been touched!
Those bathing beauties you've been watching haven't raised your temperature one degree in a month.
You never gonna get married?
Oh, how can you tell that from here?
Where's that wonderful music coming from?
Must have been watching out that window for hours.
What, do you think I consider it recreation?
What makes you think there's something the matter with her?
How did we ever stand each other in that plane for three years during the war?
You mean you haven't even heard from him?
There's somebody at the door.
Jeff, aren't you going to tell him about the jewelry?
You mean you're through with the case?
Something's happened to the dog.
You know, for a minute, that Tom Doyle almost had me convinced I was wrong.
You can tell from here?
What do you need money for?
You two know each other?
Why did you get married?
Why don't they use something easy to get?
Wouldn't they have done it anyway?
Why did you ever go there at all?
We weren't thinking of going quite that far with it.
Now what makes you think I hate her?
Now what's all this?
What are you doing with this guy?
What's all this for?
Why can't they get along without us?
How come we're just getting it?
Those men hadn't even thought of that.
Nobody knows anything about what's happening here.
Griffin, ain't you gonna do nothing?
You're not thinking of committing a crime?
It's impossible!
Are you joking?
I can't believe it.
What are you doing with my uncle's briefcase?
Where is everybody?
It stung at first, but now I can't feel a thing.
It's hard to believe, isn't it?
What are those lights?
I thought you'd question him.
I can't believe that.
But, monsieur, if you had only told me in the first place that you wished to consult with your consul.
Are you quite certain this place was full of people only a few minutes ago?
An odd coincidence, both of you turning up here.
Something very unusual has happened.
What do you want the carpenter for?
Aren't you gonna do something?
Dan, why are you so cross?
There I was, face to face with Ben Wade.
You mean to say I have this all to myself?
They don't know he's here, do they?
This is the bridal suite?
I didn't think you'd shoot.
Why isn't he traveling with you?
It's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses, the more it makes, because of the carryovers with the write-offs.
Don't tell me you're embarrassed?
I thought you said something.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
That's odd.
I haven't seen you for days.
What in the world is all this?
I thought I gave you plenty of time to...
Darling, it just doesn't make sense.
That's the first encouraging thing you've said.
I'm surprised at you!
How did you know I was here?
Then you weren't angry because I wasn't there?
Oh, I almost forgot.
Six months ago, who'd have thought we'd be spending Christmas together?
Why didn't you tell me?
You lost your ship?	
Are they both mad?
You're not usually so slow on the uptake, Evans.
That's why you brought me here?
Are you quite sure you'd be able to use it in cold blood?
Silly, it never occurred to me.
Sounds great, but what is it?
This is your idea?
I thought you'd be old.
Is this some sort of a gag?
What do you mean, they're gonna try?
How do you live with it, Miss Bruce?
Or was I the man of the future?
He'd been innocent!
You're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside?
And were you not told the same thing by his wife?
That's a terrible lot of money for a working woman to pay.
Why are you saying these things?
You're not gonna believe this.
So how can you tell the difference?
Did you see what he did?
Why didn't you take her home?
Why is he naked, Sergeant?
I hadn't heard you'd sold the place.
You gave $50 for this horse?
I didn't expect you to.
What about the herd?
What do you mean by that?
And just how did he go about that?
It's hard to believe about Henry Tunstall.
Mr. Chisum's changed with the times.
That surprises me.
That surprises me even more.
Just when I think you're dead, you always come back.
Usually, this woman is gentle as a dove.
I was lucky I come across her last.
I've never been invisible before.
It sounds ridiculous, but the soldiers never lifted a hand to stop us.
You're not going to hang me?
This is quite a pleasant surprise.
Will you please tell me how you knew that?
Boy, those English sure have a lot of guts.
Then why are you hanging around here?
How did you do that?
The first person who's nice to us is another out-of-towner.
With the transit trouble, I didn't expect to see you on time.
I've been called a lot of things, but "comfortable"!
You have a lot of faith in us!
Ain't that the girl Whitey Carter went lookin' for?
He said you were a saintly old man who didn't hold with all the vices.
But how do you know that if you weren't there?
But do you truly believe that by deliberate present-day action we can neutralize that possibility and alter the future?
Why did you change words in the middle of the sentence?
Did Lewis really play here?
I sit here and I can't believe that it happened.
This is the largest police car I've ever seen.
Thought I saw some resemblance.
What were you seeing him about?
I don't mean to be handing you no line, but that's pretty hard to believe.
He spent money on a bible?
Why would he buy a bible?
She really do all that dancing?
How come she leave that job?
But are they telling me, or are they asking me?
That's a hell of a story, Bell.
It's been over a week you've been gone.
Didn't think we'd be getting to see you.
Look who's here.
Hey, look who's here!
What's Zharkov doing on the plane?
When did you know?
Didn't even know he was still alive.
And you believe that?
Tell me, what keeps you from burning out?
Alex, you remind me of someone I used to know.
Funny, he never told me his name.
It's hard to believe that you haven't had sex for 200 years.
That's incredible.
You're saying she's not from the island?
Did you come over in that aeroplane that I saw flying round?
What, just to see me?
On an island famous for its fruit and vegetables?
Anyone'd think you didn't want to get better.
You were told about the vortex?
Do you mean he'd never seen a clock before?
It's a miracle.
Oh, it's still there.
My life is a surprise.
Young man, you think this thing won't fly?
Mrs Devaney, do you know what you just ordered?
Do you know that my first trip to California took five days?
The stewardess is flying the plane?
Do you really think they can do anything?
How great can you kiss?
I just didn't believe it.
Are you really a singer?
You go for the piano for the first month.
Aren't you going to ask me to sit down?
Do you really want to know?
The dog grabs the gorilla and swings what?
How are you going to sing?
Are you kidding?
Christ, she's got tits the size of cucumbers.
Isn't that the truth?
Your brother taught you to kiss?
Can't I have everything?
When does he ever hear me swear?
If that's all what we all thinking, why isn't someone just come right out and say it?
Why are you asking me all these questions?
How did you know about that?
Harry, how did you do it?
Who was so interested?
What I say is, why go on living with them if they can't stand them?
Is this absolutely where you live, my dearest one?
Is that why I had to come alone?
That huge place over there?
But how do you live there all by yourself?
He was here two weeks before I knew he'd moved in.
Actually, we don't know a soul here.
But Jordan told me she was with you.
I just got wised up to something funny the last few days.
You wouldn't be offended if I call the police?
Boy, you amaze me.
You go expecting these things to happen and they do.
What does my height have to do with anything?
Haven't seen you here before.
You broke your husband out of prerelease?
That's some ride, huh?
Did you hear that, honey?
Don't nobody want to ask me nothin'?
Holmes, you never told me you had a brother Sigerson.
Never saw a man yet could hold his liquor like a bottle.
Who said I'm moving?
Even God wouldn't believe it!
Where'd you get this, exactly?
Are you sure it was there?
It's the first time he's told me the truth!
What about the treasure?
What would a plate like this be doing in a World War II munition ship?
But what's she doing off of Bermuda with part of that fleet's treasure?
You've seen what?
Don't you ever sleep?
Exactly how inexpensive?
She gave you that?
God, she must really love you.
My prince, did I hear you right?
But what's wrong with Sister Marian's habit?
Just what is this relationship between you and our friend?
Isn't that a dog up there?
Incredible!
That's a big surprise.
Are you guys brothers!
Where are the new boys?
What are you doin' here?
A beautiful woman like you?
Did you ever wanna sleep with a man?
And what do you think those old geezers really miss in Florida?
Alex, don't you remember?
That was some road trip.
You mean, you could sell us but you won't?
This is an unscheduled surprise.
What are you talking about?
You didn't know that about Angela, eh?
How come I never see you eating?
You really want it that bad?
Mikey, you're so ... weird!
What's that for?
You didn't know he's back?
How do you know?
Don't you remember?
This heat is really something.
Haven't seen you in a long time.
How come you bought one?
What an extraordinary mother.
Why on earth did she come here?
There she sat, gazing at me with her big eyes.
To me, man is a tremendous creation, an inconceivable thought.
Oh, it's just surprising.
Is that true?
Everybody's a boat freak?
You said she was coming with us.
What a tool!
What's going on?
Why Charles, what are you doing here?
I though you didn't like blood sports.
So, I cannot imagine, my dear Elizabeth, why you should wish to involve yourself.
Why do you want to make yourself a slave to this dull business, when you could be on a lovely yacht, with a lovely man, visiting the Greek islands, seeing all the world?
Where did Charles Martin get his share of money?
Alec, you got here fast.
Well, I never thought I'd spend my wedding night with you, Kate.
How did you get in here?
I thought your little cousin was going to sell the stock.
What's this about a film?
You must have a strong stomach to want to see that sort of thing.
How did Prager and the newspapers get the Joeppli story before you?
Why didn't your operator look at the other indicators?
How can you afford it?
Didn't they ask you about this?
He gave me some work to do and he left.
Are you looking for somebody?
What's all the celebrating?
You are here looking for a friend?
You're not trying to get a story?
I thought he was kidding.
They're unbelievable.
Boy, is that hot!
Incredible.
You're still dressed?
It's an investment?
What are you doing, making a career out of this?
It astonished me.
They are wise, these old women!
Noise, what's that noise?
You're home a little early, aren't you?
What, are you smuggling furs or something?
I just had the weirdest dream.
It is nothing like we figured out.
I didn't know I had one.
You tryin' to adopt a kid?
You don't often see a set of charlies that nice.
We thought Monsignor Fitzgerald will take over the building fund.
You remembered my favorite color.
What's this with the orange bow on here?
You made me remember things that I had forgotten.
I thought I was someone who I wasn't.
What are you talkin' about?
You're really the tolerant type, Cavanaugh!
Who's askin' to see me?
How did you learn to fight like that?
I thought he didn't drink.
Does this mean Tommy and Miss Balbricker are engaged?
Do you believe that?
Who is this delivery from?
Who were you expecting?
I thought you weren't a romantic.
What's your school counsellor wanna see me for?
They're real, aren't they?
I'm impressed.
I've never seen anything like it before.
Looks a lot like your house, doesn't it?
This is quite a setup they have here.
No one's ever gotten away with a stunt like this before.
Is he always like that?
I don't know, the words just slipped out.
What's with those cicadas anyway?
Are you trying to tell me that you want to be on television?
You still workin' on that deal?
You sure you want to do this?
You mean Jesse was here?
We all thought you were dead.
What about the horses and the cattle?
How'd you boys know where to find me?
How did you manage to get so friendly with Frank King?
Haven't seen you for a while.
But I couldn't help noticing, despite the habit, that you're quite young.
You mean you're trading in your horse for a wagon ride?
I'd offer you something harder, but you don't drink?
The old man can still catch, huh?
I can't believe this is you, Ben.
Is that chilli?
What a surprise to see you.
I just happen to be taking the same train.
How do you know all that?
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it was you on the phone.
What are you gonna do all by yourself?
I thought your favourite was chicken.