Please love and care for this orphan child.
It's as true now as it was then.
I shall recommend you highly.
I got it from the best authority.
No need to worry, son.
Matt, you trust me, don't you?
Everything's gonna be all right.
Everything'll be all right.
Now you're talking sense.
He's the best man in the world.
Tom Dickson is a friend of mine.
I'll put money in his bank anytime.
Rely on me, Papa.
I'm an honest businessman, a good husband and a father.
I can pay whatever you want.
I know him through and through.
I'd like to take you in my arms and not let anything happen to you, ever.
Don't worry.
Don't be afraid.
I could take care of you, Miss Flaemmchen, if you'd let me.
Therefore, we do here and now band ourselves... into a brotherhood of buccaneers... to practice the trade of piracy on the high seas.
With your brain and my strength, there is nothing we cannot do.
You've always been the stronger character.
Will you look after Melanie for me?
You needn't worry.
How can I thank you enough for what you did for us?
I never heard anything more true.
And, Scarlett, I'm going to see that you are safe.
From my heart, I thank you.
I'll do what I can, Mammy.
Promise me?
Promise?
Relax, Happy.
These bills are put together by legal minds after long study.
I knew that if anyone could help me, you could.
I've never known anyone as capable and intelligent.
I don't know where I'd be with this bill if it wasn't for your help.
This boy's honest, not stupid.
He's honest.
I sponsored him in the Senate.
What he lacked in experience, he's made up in fight.
In this world full of hatred a man who knows that one rule has a great trust.
Let's be honest.
I might be able to accommodate you.
I was looking after your interests.
Gentlemen, I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
You gave me some very valuable information.
He takes good care of that.
You're so expert on things.
Ninotchka, let me confess something.
There's nothing sweeter than sharing a secret with an enemy.
Please, relax.
I'll give you one more chance.
Whenever you want to visit their plants, they are open to you.
Leon, I want to confess.
You couldn't have found anyone more sympathetic to your condition.
Don't worry, last night a very trustworthy friend kept his eyes open.
I'll never forget what you've done.
She is right.
The queen is never powerless.
My thanks to you.
Take good care of him.
You have been my friend and patron.
Will you promise?
I promise.
I must be honest with you.
I promised.
It's a pleasure to do business with a man like you.
Come on, stranger, hop in.
Don't worry.
Rusty steers good.
If you gentlemen want anything, just ring.
Perhaps you would like to do it for me?
You must teach me.
You won't tell anyone you saw me in there, will you?
He's quite harmless.
We're the only two people in the world that know, Maxim, you and I.
I entirely agree with you, Colonel.
Your niece will have no trouble meeting the Queen's requirements.
Captain, there ain't no man on earth I'd rather serve under.
These men are loyal and devoted.
If Mr. Jordan says he'll get you another body, he'll get you another body... every bit as good as your own, if not better.
Max, I'm going to let you in on something.
I want to tell you something.
Would you like to come with me and look for her?
Do your best to keep him there until our men come along.
He'll know how to handle things.
You've done the right thing.
You and the boys take care of him.
We've simply got to convince you that you're going to serve the right cause.
I must admit, you put some very convincing arguments on this table.
Maybe you'll even put in a good word for me?
I did my best and I was very ably assisted by my colleagues.
Both of you give him a hand.
I'll look after the horses.
Look after my things.
I care for you very much, Inglés.
Don't worry if you hear firing.
No, I stay with you.
If you take a swim, I'd have to take a swim.
Someone will take care of you right away.
I'd never have taken the job if I hadn't wanted to keep us all together.
You take care of the details.
Everything will be all right.
The figures I have just quoted indicate an efficiently run organization.
Your mother was my dearest friend.
I mean, he makes a very fine officer.
How about the three of you shaking hands?
I want you fellows to meet my noble steed Cyril.
There must be a reason.
I brought you something to drink.
You'll see that I get away all right, see that I get to a doc?
I was as close to him as I am to you.
When you're around, Ma, nothing can stop me.
Don't let it beat you.
We'll set it all up.
I'm working on a plan to get your case reviewed.
This time I'm going right to the top to get you out.
Doctor, you're with me.
I want you to make a little phone call for me.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Richard can sense a detective from miles away.
Maybe she could get some valuable information.
She's a friend.
You're right.
You'll go together and keep working as a team.
I'll pay both of you.
They'll pick you up when you get there.
I'll give it to you, Johnny.
So I phoned Mr John and he agreed to pick it up.
Mr. Steele, could I keep the book till you come out?
I'll drive you home.
I don't think he killed Mildred Atkinson.
I told the police what I saw.
I'm glad she's on my side.
We solve every murder in less than two hours.
He'll show you when it's finished.
I want to do everything I can to make your job easier.
Sit down, be comfortable.
I'll stay with you, Dix.
Then we understand each other.
You don't have to hide your bruises, Jeff.
But I owe Jeff something.
Thank you for your kindness.
You look like an honest man.
Is there something I can do for you, ma'am?
Take good care of them.
Want me to pick out one for you, Dutch?
I guess you're right again.
Coates, Murphy, take the first sentry duty.
Well, as long as you feel that way about it, the gun is yours!
Let me know if you see anything, huh?
Now look, Captain, you're an educated man.
Have Doc take a look at him.
Well, will you talk to him about it, sometime?
I'm gonna take you to a nice, quiet place.
I'll talk to him.
That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet.
But until then, Mr Boot, you'll get yourself the best newspaperman you ever had.
You ought to know your way around here pretty well.
I'm your pal.
Guard them with your life.
I guess it's all right if we drive up there, isn't it?
Six days of this and I'll make you a hero.
You sure can make with the words.
Make sure she gets to that church this evening.
We've got the best soldiers in the German army here.
And it's the truth, of course.
I bestow my blessings on your courage and optimism.
But I don't think you have to worry about this one.
How many other generals can boast the favor and support of a leader... so gifted in the arts of war?
But he's got a good practice.
And I could get you your own key.
Doc, can I go with you to the AA meeting?
Did you ask God to be with you and keep you strong?
Come in and I'll get you a nice, cold glass of water.
Marie said she couldn't go out tonight, so I said she could use the parlour.
Will you help me move the table?
Thanks for lending it to me.
If I need you later on, will you come over?
He's safer here.
I'd never leave you, Daddy.
That is true.
Tell Hans to wait in the shop for me.
Do you know something else, my friend?
Let me feed you.
How can I help you?
And you have my coat ready for me when I'm ready to leave!
Perhaps you will have words for me by tomorrow night?
I'll fix you something to eat and call Hank and tell him we're not coming.
I think you've solved the problem.
Find someone to type this.
No, you're perfectly right.
I'll get you there in a hurry.
But don't worry, I'll show you how.
I'm glad you're here to see nothing goes wrong.
Get me some water.
I'll take care of you.
You'll have a chance to judge for yourself.
Do you think you'd feel any better if I fixed you some toast and coffee?
I asked you to come here today to discuss the sale of your formula.
You can come out now, Red Eagle.
We're going to do everything we can to help you, but you've got to help, too.
You're a genius, old boy!
We'll take care of him, sir.
Tom, give us a bit of help.
You haven't got a little nip of something, have you?
Let me get you a transfer, sir.
When we go, you go!
Then you ought to understand why I can't.
If your men are as cocksure as you are, they might get through.
I'll give it back to you in the morning.
Kramm, take care of this.
Consequently, you've been selected to hold the key position in the coming' festivities.
I don't give the orders, I obey them.
All I can do is release you to make your own estimate of the situation.
Give me all the covering fire you can spare.
One can learn a great deal from him.
Yes, Father, I'll tell him when he comes back.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Hasn't God forgiven me, thanks to you?
You're perfectly right.
Now, if you will just give me the name and the address of the person.
I'm going to answer whatever questions the inspector wishes to ask me.
Would you like me to go with you?
I had met Father Logan to ask his advice.
Father Logan is an old friend.
You understand what that would mean.
But I believe what the prosecutor said.
I'd like you to stay at my house.	
We're friends!
Would you care for some coffee?
The Air Force will take care of these babies now.
Our best hope lies in what you people can develop to help us.
Well, if you want anything, just ring.
Tell me everything you saw and what you think it means.
I'm going to stay with you.
You know, much as I hate to give Thomas J. Doyle too much credit, he might have gotten a hold of something when he said that was pretty private stuff going on out there.
We're old friends.
You wanna help her with the stuff?
We'll let him sleep.
I'll help you.
You earned a piece of it.
You come with us, and you got a chance.
Wait for your friend there.
I'm giving you the chance.
The way I understand it, you know Griffin better than anyone.
Take it easy.
I got a friend bringing some dough.
What if I could get you the money you're waiting for before midnight?
I like doing business with a man I can trust.
The police would know what to do.
He's right.
I'll cover you.
I taught him.
You taught me everything.
He must have a plan.
Let the boy come in, Griffin.
It won't hurt you, kid.
He saved my neck.
Yeah, I got you.
We understand each other all the way.
I gotta hand it to you, you'd make a great con man.
You give us a fair shake, we'll give you a fair shake.
I'll take you to him.
We thought you might like to look through his papers.
You committed the perfect crime.
That was very considerate of him.
You can take my word for it.
I went through all his papers very carefully.
I have nothing against Felix.
Don't worry about a thing.
I'll break it to her gently.
Carol, I want you to transcribe these notes for my report.
Will you arrange a conference for us?
They will believe you.
Major Huglin will arrange for whatever facilities you may require.
The present danger is ended.
Give me your blessing for a happy voyage.
I come to offer a treaty of peace to King Menelaus.
I'll go a distance with you to point the way.
I'm sure you'll agree with me that it is my duty to become our leader.
Helen, through you, we have learned that they seek plunder, not justice.
Whatever your love wishes me to be, whatever is in your heart.
As things are, there's no need for you to go through the Customs.
You mustn't worry about him, really.
Let's try to figure the whole thing out.
Give me a yell when you want me to unlock the door.
I'm sorry you have to sneak out by the back way, but we must preserve a respectable front.
You go out, call him up, tell him to surround this place with police.
Don't be nervous.
Any friends of mine are friends of his.
Your boat, my boat.
He can use one of my horses!
Don't worry, he'll be along.
You sure come to the right place here.
Something I can do to help you?
I got to take care of my cattle.
You're our best shot.
You know what to do.
Don't worry.
I'm obliged for your hospitality.
I'm gonna ride on back and keep watch.
As soon as we get near those cattle pens take Alice and drive her out of town as fast as you can.
But you have such an honest face.
The captain has an honest face too.
You're very wise.
Thank you for letting me trespass.
Shall I see you to your cabin?
I've been hiding it just for you.
Nice doing business with you.
I wanna thank you for what you're doin' for my son, Tyrone.
This is my team.
You're going to do all right without me.
You're welcome to have turkey with my husband and me.
And if there's anything else you want, just holler.
My officers and I will be responsible for their conduct.
I must say he seems quite a reasonable type.
I understand how you feel.
Your officers will work beside you.
He is responsible.
I do not hide the truth.
I know our men.
I was sure it would meet with your approval.
If we increase the number of squads and specialise their functions I'm certain the total daily output can be increased by 30 percent.
But you could help us in a rather special sense.
Thanks for telling me.
I know, under the circumstances, it's a bit much but you have a unique knowledge for our purpose.
Go ahead, you can be frank.
You want my honest evaluation of this team?
He's not without experience, you know.
If you hadn't fixed the radio, we wouldn't know about the train.
If you see her, hang on to her.
These are my friends.
Promise?
Well, you fixed everything!
Dr Post, who runs a shop I worked in, has contacts in several universities.
I'll make you a deal.
Now I want you to tell me something.
And as long as you've got this wedding ring on, you've got me.
Come on now, let's go home.
Use your influence, Louise.
Oh, but you're not alone now.
I've guarded it with me life.
Take care of yourself.
Don't worry, we won't take the brief, but an old friend needs help.
Surely I can give him a word of advice.
He's of good character with an excellent war record.
I will give him an alibi and I shall be very convincing.
Be a good, brave boy, Sir Wilfrid.
I know his voice well enough.
I don't see any reason why this witness should not be qualified to give evidence.
Can you keep a secret, hmm?
Thomas is a dear friend of ours.
You don't have to call me Father.
He's a friend of mine.
Try it yourself if you don't believe me.
And Italy is a very moral country.
I'm your brother John.
You promoted me.
You'll have parades in your honour.
All you have to do is be our pal.
Take our offer.
It's a deal.
Could you use some help, Mr. Chisum?
Mr. Chisum, if I can do anything for you...
You'll find I'm pretty well-connected here.
He's led us on many a cattle drive.
Mr. Tunstall loaned me his Bible here so I could practice my reading.
He's got such gentle eyes.
Mr. Tunstall's been teaching me.
I promise.
Pat, I never did thank you for hauling me out of that river.
Mr. Tunstall was the first man ever to treat me decent.
Take care of her, Sallie.
Little Man was very brave.
Welcome to your new home.
I'll take care of him, Mrs Pendrake.
Then take my advice.
You have nothing to fear.
I'll protect you.
I can tell the occupation of a man by looking at him.
I just took care of him.
We was safe there.
I knew you were a good man.
I think you're right.
Thank you for making me a Human Being.
Thank you for my victories and for my defeats.
Take care of my son here.
Very well, I won't pry into trade secrets.
Miss Gamble, I will try to help you today.
If any of you have the time or interest, I would welcome your help.
Oh, no, don't worry about me.
I solved your case, that's all.
I think the answers make you wise, but the questions make you human.
He's trying to help.
I can verify that.
Will you leave me a few for a room and something to eat?
Well, I'm not going to leave him.
You're stronger than you think.
Will you help us, please?
I will get off there and my chauffeur will take you to your destination.
I was getting a message for you.
You take half the troop and follow those that went to the east.
Hold on, I can handle this.
Maybe I can help you.
Well, I reckon I'm in.
I can help.
You're a good teacher, Frenchy!
I don't know how to thank you.
Well, she helped me.
I know that old man.
We're trying to help ya!
I'm obliged to you for getting me out of the fix I was in.
I will pray for you.
Hendricks is not stupid.
It's all right, Colonel McNally, they're friends.
They came to help.
He's signed all those deeds back to their rightful owners.
They may do a better job of it than we have.
I appreciate what you're doing, Armando.
Well, Lewis will think of something.
The Presidential Commission has empowered me to take it in my care.
It had to be total and it had to be honest.
I'm prepared to make a donation to the people of this town.
Since you're their representatives, I can tell you that I'm prepared, right now, to give you a James Madison.
This nice man's taking you to your aunt.
It's a deal.
I'll show you how to make up your eyes and your lips.
Promise me one thing.
Well, Bill, I'm gonna make you my deputy.
We must protect these investments so the area can continue to prosper and grow.
But if it's straight-up one-to-one you want, then I'm your man.
You and me rode into this county together.
I say this as a friend.
There's a lot of us who'd ride with you.
You might be able to find something out there alone.
I felt obliged to come and pay my respects before moving on.
Harley, you and Lee give me a hand with this door.
You just give us the word.
I know old Pete.
McLeod's depending on you, Scorpio.
They'll get her out for you.
That's the first thing Cross taught me.
Only those I trust know that.
They're both Viennese, both good men.
I've known Zharkov for almost 30 years.
I'd like your opinion.
I want you to take care of someone for me.
He'll know what to do.
Then, when you've recovered your strength, we'll discuss the plan.
They won't hurt you.
Don't worry.
Now, you get a good rest and next week you'll begin a new life.
This is where you'll be living.
I've got something to tell you.
Just relax.
However, I'm counting on you to respond appropriately.
I'll be assisting you through the entire process.
Well, thank you for your help.
Och, you don't want to let them worry you.
It'll do that poor sore throat good.
I invited you.
They will not fail.
We have means of controlling it.
We are not so vulnerable.
I will watch over you.
Consuella is right.
When you can see into this crystal, then you will be ready.
They sure have all the right equipment.
It's all taken care of, Papa.
OK, we'll give them a hand.
I'll take care of Miss Swanson.
Once again skill and daring have overcome fear and anxiety.
The front controls seem to be all right.
We'll do all we can to help you.
We're going to have to go down there and calm everybody else.
We have to give them something to hope for.
Do you want me to come with you?
There is a pilot on the radio telling her what to do, telling her exactly how to do it.
Just hold it steady until I tell you.
You take a rest now.
I'll bet he's gonna help us.
We'll have help up to you real soon.
They'll do everything that can be done.
I'm going with you, Al.
But there is nothing to be alarmed about.
I'll take good care of it.
I think he'd be very gentle.
If I could give you a job, I would do it.
Maybe I can help you to get out of it.
Thanks for the warning.
Could you show me where they are?
You don't have to worry.
I just came to escort you home.
Honey, if you change your mind, just let me know.
I was hoping you'd be an example for him.
Honey, it's nice to have somebody take care of you.
Because I want to talk to you, face to face.
If you wouldn't mind giving me a lift.
I've thought this out very carefully and I know what I'm gonna do.
I want to talk to you tonight.
Could you give me the number of the sorority house?
I don't have any secrets.
Let me tell you what I said when she was born.
He doesn't want any trouble with anyone.
I thought we should get acquainted, since we're neighbours.
Let me tell you something about my life.
I'd like you to meet a friend of mine.
Come in out of the rain.
Any favours that I do for you don't need any payment.
God sees everything.
We'll share it.
The committee wishes to emphasise that there is no evidence of any wider conspiracy.
I'd like you to meet somebody.
Hope you know how to take care of yourself.
But we like to be on a first-name basis with potential candidates.
You're invaluable, Richard.
We're not gonna hurt you.
He's been in uniform nine months but he's a good boy.
You want me to check that oil?
I've been trained for it.
It'll make you feel better.
I know you're all right... and a good woman at heart, even though you might have took a wrong turn in life.
You're my wife and I love you... even if we don't get the baby.
I wanna say I appreciate what Capt. Tanner's done on my behalf.
Thank you all for makin' it unanimous.
It was everything I promised.
You need not be afraid.
Come, my child.
We need you to know what work we'll give you.
You will help our medical research and thereby saving thousands of lives.
You are strong.
I need you.
I will satisfy you.
I'll take care of him.
I find your presence comforting somehow.
The choice is yours.
That, my boy, is much more to the point.
I'll show you how simple this can be... when you know what you're doing.
Don't have bad dreams.
That's the way to do it.
Your brother's a master at it.
She's got "champion" written all over her.
On it, you'll find the safest route.
You look like a man of property.
You win this race, and you'll get three years' pay.
You get a bonus and a raise.
You'd best come home with me.
I'll take you home.
I brought you some strawberries.
Gentlemen, the philosophy is pure Zen and the method is pure science.
There's nothing wrong with missing people.
But this child is the world's hope.
You will be cooperative?
We can attend to your needs.
There and then before the gods, you made a pact only death could break.
Fear not.
You're the experts.
Our friend would never leave prints.
I'm sure you want to be getting home.
He seemed nice enough to me.
Yeah, we're working on it.
I'll let you know when I get it straightened out.
You know, he's... he's been so kind to me.
You mustn't be weak.
Maybe you're right.
Listen, I got a favour to ask ya.
They spent their own dough to get here, and they came here to see us.
You taught that guy a lesson last night.
Listen, if things don't work out, you can get in touch with me in Minneapolis.
I'd want to pay you both.
Do you want a beer or something?
Don't worry, kid!
It's me and you.
If you are really brave and lucky, I can make you very, very rich.
Welcome home!
I'm glad you told me about this.
You've got some legitimate complaints.
We'll try to be fair.
You have my word.
By the way, Mr Kovak, I'd like to praise you for bringing this to my attention.
Do we have a deal?
We'll make an honest buck together.
And the only way we got of holding 'em off is by getting together.
I promise you that.
I want the men to be happy.
You guys don't hear nothing, cos if you did we wouldn't be sitting here.
Johnny knows what the men want.
If it's OK with you, I'd just like to hold 'em here in my hand.
I'll talk to him.
You're becoming an important man, John.
You were right about Graham.
You got the proof.
You can count on that.
I'd rather negotiate with you any day.
You'll have your own room with all the conveniences.
As often as I could, I went to see him at his villa near Naples.
It's just fear and priggishness to believe in limits.
I'll bring you your breakfast.
I called you as soon as I heard.
Listen, I've got something for you.
Then you take care of her.
I got something for you now.
Thank you, thank you, thank you...
No sweat.
Dorfman, I've given this a lot of thought.
I'm waiting for reports from some of you.
I think you know everybody here.
Let me take your coat.
I need you so much.
We're just the guys to do it.
You want to know something interesting?
We've solved problems before.
These experiments save a lot of lives.
I'd like you to have this.
I mean, all you have to do is to step aside with immense fortune.
My wife does not exaggerate.
There's no code we can't break.
But you have me.
I'll fly tomorrow to Sardinia and tell you all I know.
I represent your partner.
Your father always called him the house genius.
From now on I want you to report directly to me and only to me.
Miss Roffe, could I have a word with you in private?
Sam was good to me.
I owe him a lot.
I agree with you.
My very best friends.
You know what you ought to do, love?
There'll be someone, don't worry.
You are doing very well.
You can make it, old girl!
That man really does his job.
I think it'll support us.
If I can do anything for you, let me know.
Everybody relax.
But he's the best cameraman I know.
You want to come inside?
He says he doesn't want presents, but you know him.
You must have some idea where he was going.
Everything that could go wrong was considered.
Every part is tested again and again.
I'll follow you.
They cannot be here, so we ask you to consider them in your decision.
Get me someone you trust.
I expect you to take care of them.
He was the sanest man I ever knew.
You have to have faith.
I want to talk to you.
Listen, don't forget my door is always open to artistic people.
We care about you.
I forgive you.
Find and fulfill your destiny.
Besides, whoever marries her will rule the entire kingdom.
Good boy, good boy.
Have courage, princess.
Take me with you!
Hephaestus will do what he can.
Need a little help.
Well, I was wondering if you could hold something for me.
I'll be in my office if you need me.
And I want to thank you for making me join the Army.
I'll take care of you.
That's a good idea.
Hey, captain, could we get a ride with you?
I'll respect you even more.
I'll make you a millionaire in four months.
So I'm just asking you... to be with me.
You and me, we do business.
But Desmond is a very good chancellor.
That's a good thing to know, Frank.
A vocation to love God, help the poor, solace the sick and dying.
I'll give you a ride back to the chancery.
He runs the best parish in the archdiocese, and he's a good man.
Well, I can have a word with you.
Guess my old man's not such a bad guy after all.
Could you do it for me today, please?
I think maybe he'll listen to you.
I hate to ask you this after you've been so helpful but could you do something for me tonight?
The more people who understand our work, the better.
I appreciate your letting me come.
You know the routine.
If you need me, just pull this.
If he called, I'd tell you.
Honey, you comin' to bed?
Here, we'll take care of this.
What are good friends for anyway?
And you are definitely not insane.
Of course you're not crazy.
She is my best friend.
We know that there is nothing wrong with you medically.
I want you to get some sleep tonight.
Did the kids get to eat all right?
Make yourself comfortable.
But if it isn't me, then we have to make a deal, you and I, to accept that fact and find a way to stop it, OK?
Well, it's our way of trying to understand.
You'd still be my Carla.
Just put me in your pocket and take me with you.
Why don't you sit down and have something to eat?
I'll be home in a couple of hours.
I'm gonna go get the kids.
Look, is there someplace that we could go and talk?
We have an idea that might help.
Let me show you to your new house.
I'm afraid we're not able to provide you with all the conveniences, but we hope you'll find it comfortable.
I also understand that I care very much what happens to you.
Everything's gonna be all right.
It's for your own good.
Tell me the whole story from the beginning.
We all make mistakes.
Joe, you got to trust me.
You're my hero.
Want me to help?
These are good workers.
Well, I want to thank you and your wife for all your help.
I brought my man Charlie here to see how you big boys work.
And I know how hard you been working to build somethin' for yourself and Marcy.
Smart man, he's gonna play his cards right tight up against his chest.
Go get my children and you bring them back.
Don't worry, Mama, we'll find them.
Somebody ought to stay with Ma and Pa.
I got something here that belongs to you.
Well, I sure do appreciate you boys busting me out.
If you got a plan, Jack, you better be letting me in on it.
And when the shooting starts... she'll be there to look after the girls.
I recall this belongs to you.
Thank you very much for your attention and your interest
Can I ask you something?
Oh Mr. Neal, everything ok?
Thank you for telling me the truth.
You deserve it.
He might have a job for you.
You're not dumb.
I've got some job possibilities for you.
We haven't left each other's side for the last two weeks.
Just let me take her back with me.